I do n't know if it 's an illusion~ Anyway , since I have 4g~ I find that my 2g often finds it difficult to open pictures~ Haha~ and today is very hot , very hot , very hot~
The Dean shook his feet and felt that the whole office was shaking
I 'm really going to collapse .... why ca n't I eat well
I actually bought the wrong ticket and went to Nanning East Railway Station
Trouble upstairs ! The concubine wanted to watch a game of the king and could n't calm down . The floor is about to collapse , and the upstairs is speechless . A typical combination of wonderful calf-protecting parents + bear children . ill. Do n't let me catch a dead child .
I begged three times for a mouse , the request is really not high , only five hundred
Why do you always take away your own things that are precious and not precious , and then take off your glasses
The update of One Piece is too slow to watch . I really want to watch one island at a time . After that , I should have a big episode on one island .
I scalded my leg , what 's going on these days😭
I chose it for one night , especially bought a box of tissue paper for my mother , and I would be scolded the moment my mother received it , hahaha ~ don ’ t care~🤗~sleep😪 ! Ann~😘
Searching for literature , it really is the beginning , the most accurate thing I found when I was indifferent , but the sad thing is that once I miss it , I ca n't find it again .
Netizens of @ 微博服务 can ’ t post on Weibo anymore , can ’ t comment anymore , and said that there is a security risk that needs to be removed , but it turns out that it ’ s not a common landing location to remove it at your own home , what the hell ? Ca n't play Weibo without a mobile phone ?
I just want to find a place where no one knows , say what I want to say , do whatever I want , and do n't care about anything~
Searching things on Weibo , I saw this [ horrified ] It 's too scary [ horrified ] [ horrified ] Some people with bad intentions , do n't try to succeed [ angry ] When you do something dirty , the lawyer 's letter is waiting [ white eyes ]
suddenly remembered . . . The credit card is linked to my mother 's mobile phone number . . . what ! ! !
People who live a good life are more likely to have all kinds of fears . A relative 's child of mine was scratched with a few scratches on the face . His mother was very distressed and asked : Who did it ? I go to him . The child said : I ca n't beat him , so use you to find him ? Mother said : Did you beat him ? The child said : No , what should I do if my tooth is knocked out ? Mother said : You ca n't hit him ? The child said : What should I do if the bone is broken ? I just lifted him up and put him down . The wicked are always fearless .
Sydney is really beautiful . Everyone is so enthusiastic ! I 'm flying again tomorrow~ I 'm a little reluctant
A little bit from outsiders is regarded as a great favor , so I feel that your kind and intimate person has become a natural thing for you in the world , so it does n't matter , the result is just hurting people .
It is fate to know each other , and everyone has a reason for their appearance .
Today 's girls , it does n't matter if you want to be tall , but also thin , what the hell is this , my god
Why is the speed of the telecommunications network so slow here ?
Saying the truest feeling is that the better you are to me , the more scared I am , the less brave I have been The more tired I get , the more I love my brother , but I love myself more
What is the style of the seiyuu~ ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
What the hell , this is forcing the teacher to be so cheap It 's a fart , snake-sperm disease !
Once , the bathroom leaked and flooded the house downstairs , and people ran up to me and yelled at me . Today , the neighbor told me that the house downstairs has not lived in for 15 years .
Look at the one who helped me carry the bag and unscrew the bottle cap . It was you who held my hand and crossed the road . It was you who carried me to the hospital . You run eight kilometers , you can read the meter , you sleep with me , eat , fight with me , you live out the way you want , that 's why you 're single , asb
I ca n't drink if I 'm in a bad mood ...
No matter how I run , I ca n't run the few in the circle of friends . I ca n't run the first one . I deleted the one in front of me .
Graduated ! I 'm really not very happy . How can my college life be so fast with you ? Why ca n't I be so reluctant ?
Netizens broke the news that this morning , a man in the Huachong Senior Apartment in Yaohai District robbed his grandfather with a knife
Got trapped by Baidu Maps ! There 's actually a dead end ! ! ! be late !
How can night blindness break my drafting career ?
The expression of another hair cream is really special now ! special ! ! special ! ! ! It 's unpleasant ! ! ! !
I ca n't figure it out anymore , I 'm so tired , I 'm really not suitable to do this , I 'm so annoying , I 'm afraid of trouble , and I 'm so entangled and picky , I ca n't stand it
Is this puppy dead ? Legend has it that a mad dog will die within 10 days . This is not to be taken lightly , and it 's okay to recruit cats and dogs ! kinda scary ...
It turned out that a group of Wenzhou passengers on that plane were stuck at customs when they were transiting in France and were repatriated the same way . One ticket only flew back and forth in the air .
Cough to death I beg. . . . . . paralysis. . .
555 ... I thought last night the boss was talking nonsense , and he would forget to invite me to dinner today , ah ah ah , why is what he said true , I really do n't want to answer this call , all kinds of excuses ~Grandma , you still occupy my time when I 'm not at work , when I 'm a machine , I 'm tired and dizzy .
It 's not easy for a breastfeeding mother to coax her baby every night and force herself to eat for nearly nine months to keep her baby from weaning at night
Ah , ah , I do n't know if it 's because I 'm jealous of God or if I do too many bad things and get retribution , but I posted 4 . I 'm really a kind girl , so yes , I 'm too jealous , so I 'm sick and it hurts to the bottom of my heart . Before dawn , my throat is exhausted , my nerves are about to decline , it 's forcing me to go on a hunger strike
Do n't ask me why I ca n't get in the car ! The left foot came up , the right foot was stepped on ...
The colorful flowers , the starry night sky , the sparkling river , the fairy tale paradise and the beautiful singing , the pictures are pleasing to the eye and full of hope , just like everyone 's first dream . # Disgusted Matsuko 's life # seems to be a collection of the worst results of all things . She thought she was extremely cherished , she was more thorough when she betrayed her , and she was very persistent when she should give up . Her life came to an abrupt end when she regained hope , but she could not end her life with good intentions .
Damn , someone told me lzn I 'm not convinced ! I 'm going to choose fart peach girl
Li Zhongxing , it 's all your motherfucker , you deserve to live a barren life , fuck
It was raining on a winter night and it was freezing cold . I almost fell while riding my bike . The cracked screen of my phone should have saved my knees . I was surprised at my own indifference . I started to make up my mind about some things , maybe I was n't brave enough before , and maybe I should try some things ...
Some people never know what is called gratitude , do not know what is called good ! ! I really want to stop it ! ! ! ! ! !
So annoying , I feel like I want to die , what should I do ?
I have n't enjoyed the feeling of sleeping until I wake up naturally for a long time .
Office politics , become cannon fodder , super disgusting people !
What kind of wood is so hard ? The door is broken , a wooden bar about six or seven millimeters thick , the sledgehammer wheel is round and ca n't drive the nails
We were crying and laughing like fools~~ So this is the truth~ This is the truth I insisted on joking~~ Don ’ t do anything if you are hesitant~ Don ’ t expect others to change because of you~ Don ’ t waste your tears On someone who is not worth it~~~ Even if I ca n't help it~~~
On top of coffee , marshmallows will rain ! It 's raining , it 's raining ,
I 'm in a very bad mood . I have n't been so angry for a long time . The intermediary is an introduction . It 's unfortunate to catch up with him . Today 's day is not smooth . It 's rare to have such bad luck and mood . I just want to scold people ! I ’ m sorry for this Weibo account , it ’ s full of bad mood posts ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ( ಥ_ಥ ) still very depressed
The main highlights of the park are Bochi Mountain and Shanzi Lake with a water surface area of ​​540 mu . This is the largest comprehensive park in Huai'an City .
Those who eat bread and buns in the car during commuting hours , and those who eat sausages on the light rail , fart when they see a lot of people
Can a connecting flight be booked after four months ? ? ? Almighty Weibo Is this reasonable ? ? ?
In the blink of an eye , tomorrow is Thursday again , and time does not pass so fast .
I 'm unwilling to feel like a fool with this kind of love Thank you and punish me for turning it into a can and being eaten by the Dragon Boat Festival
The hardest curling iron ever ! ! ! I braid it and then take it apart , it 's better than the curl it holds ! ! !
I do n't have to fall asleep at all~ How can I get up in the morning !
How long has it been since we fell in love with dark horses ? Are those things that we once said still count ?
I 'm not in good shape on Monday morning , it 's all because of my death last night
study . cause . love . Ca n't have both after all .
I just want to mix a cucumber , it turns out to be a dark dish again
I 'm about to buy a house , but suddenly I 'm under pressure , and there will be no more activities and travel in the future .
I heard that collecting clothes in the northern winter is really like this ?
I 've been driven crazy by the decoration upstairs , and it 's rumbling as soon as the lunch break is over .
At this time , it is really drunk to be bitten by mosquitoes while sleeping with a swollen mouth . Mosquito is strong ! Take your brothers and leave
Quality , quality , no help , just caring about the coolness of parking
Every time I see this bad hair , I want to take medicine . Should I cut my hair long ?
Ca n't be quiet , ca n't be quiet , ca n't be quiet
Nanchong High School was sighing that the school was built magnificently . Teacher Wang , the head of the teaching and research team , came to explain the stone sculpture : stone beats nine books ( ten beats and nine loses ) , with a sundial on it ( sunrise ghost ) . Sculptures have many cultures , books and time , and they turned into stone sculptures in an instant ...
嘤嘤嘤 flopped , Kaisen is flattered , good night , okay ?
I feel distressed and cry , find a doctor to take good care of him , get well soon , we want to see a lively and healthy boy , the rest is not important
This is my second time in bed this month . His uncle , it was n't so bad in previous years !
Day by day , day by day , my head is getting bigger ,
That Han Shu is actually a concert after Double 11 , how can there be money to buy tickets
I 'm tired , I 'm bored , I 'd better sleep alone
Fat pig ! ! ! I ca n't eat it starting tomorrow ! ! ! WTF is a little bit better , ah me ! !
This one is . . . Zhao Zhongxiang ! The visual effects from different angles are too different !
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
One question is `` what 's the experience of listening to 10,000 records '' . I do n't have much experience , but every time I 'm asked `` what type of music do you like the most '' , my mouth is stunned , and I finally say `` I do n't have a fixed type , so I 'd better like it or not . ''
remember ! Do n't mess with me ! Otherwise you do n't know how you died
The teacher successfully dragged the class for six minutes , seven minutes . , , , ,
What is a boudoir eldest lady ! I just had a car accident and was recuperating at home . I will naturally go to work in two days . What 's wrong with you ! I 'm not the one who stays at home all the time loafing around !
Hanging for two days in a row , every time the pinhole is inserted , I am afraid
War is not so much a continuation of politics as it is a continuation of economics . This local friction has obviously slipped to the edge of danger and uncontrollability . It reflects the current world economic situation is worrying , and the competition for resources and political and economic games between major powers will further intensify around the world - if bullets replace cooperation , it can only show that the economic situation is so bad that cooperation can no longer win , and only robbery with a knife .
I got new skills , and the skill points are all in these useless places . What should I do in the exam ?
Almost killed by mosquitoes . I do n't know when I lay down and was bitten again .
I like the feeling of the breeze blowing my face . When the breeze hits , all the troubles are gone , and there may be unexpected gains .
Your favorite coffee blend ratio is here , here , here
Every day I wonder who I can borrow money from , but I can ’ t read with peace of mind . The efficiency of reading is also low , and I may not be able to pass the test . I don ’ t want to take the test .
Look at this martial arts man , holding a big knife , with a head of very individual hair ! Walking in the vast sea of ​​people , shuttling in the streets and alleys , the rate of return is 1000 % . What I want to say is , have you always crossed over ?
I do n't know why I eat popsicles in winter ... my throat is smoking ... I have a cold ...
I 'm dizzy , I really do n't want to worry about it , I 'm fed up with being depressed
Why is the goal framed ! Really drunk , the national football team , can you make everyone cheer ! !
What day is it today , my mother is not satisfied with me , my father is not satisfied with me , my mother is not satisfied with my father , my father is not satisfied with my mother , I am not satisfied with my parents , not satisfied , still Even today 's subways are completely inhuman .
I have forgotten this account in another account every day , and then I was surprised to find that someone gave this account a March membership . . . Impressed to death ! it is good ! I want to report why I went there recently , probably the day before yesterday . I was seriously ill , and the pain was severe at the time . After a whole night of hanging bottles with our monitor and teacher , I recovered completely .
It turned out to be a Democrat , I always thought I was a Liberal
Damn it ! Just fell asleep and was woken up by an alcoholic colleague on the phone
This morning , Yao woke up at 6:40 for the first time in history . You must know that she usually never gets up before 7:30 . The king of the bed went out early to send Yao to school . Originally , it was only sent to the school intersection every day . The small road to the school , as expected , was blocked inside and could n't turn around . I do n't like such rainy days~
The phone hit my face , it really hurts , I get angry , stop playing , and feel broken !
Everyone has scissors , everyone can cut paper , everyone has works , and everyone can create is the school 's slogan and goal .
Direct physical castration is recommended , chemical castration is too cheap for him . not human dog
After three days of making up for the best spy battle before dawn , there is no one of the best spy battles in the whole drama . IQ Online is too cruel . Bosu hurts me to death
`` Unrequited love is the happiest , and the other party will be happy for a long time when they greet each other . No matter how the other party reacts , it 's good for you to be happy . But after being together , you start to care about the gains and losses . You always hope that the effort will be proportional to the gain . There 's not much emotion left . ''
Why are they always killing each other when it 's just me ? I will be embarrassed , I am afraid ! Goosebumps all over the place ! There is nothing scarier than catching dead fish [ crazy ] [ crazy ]
There are some bad things happening all day long , tossing people , the anger of the sky and the resentment of being struck by lightning ! ! !
Suddenly realized one thing , in fact , from liking to taste ...... I am a fat man fan ! ?
I woke up in front of my feet and my feet were cold . It 's not too cold anymore . I measured 39.4 again , and it really burned again .
Today he beat the computer because I turned off his computer . It 's very scary . It turns out that he must be a little violent . When I was playing games , he turned off my computer and I did n't do the same . To be honest , I was very scared . Living with such a person , now it 's a game , if I touch him in the future , maybe I should hit me , very sad
It 's really painful to buy the surrounding of the glittering group . I 'm always kept by myself , and I 'm always tied up , so I have to hurry up .
It seems that for the first time since I was in high school , I was scolded and wanted to cry , and my nose was sore .
Tell a woman that she will hurt me for the rest of my life 👭 I believe it hiahia
Today nt . When I saw the word twisted , I was scared to cry , and my whole body went limp . Later , I asked the doctor and Master Bichao , they all said no problem , this is a term , I am so scared , I really ca n't bear anything , the twisting of the umbilical cord is the nightmare of my life , please God bless me this time . An'an brings the baby into this world .
Zhongshan South 2nd Road Wanping Road OTZ ... Many of my elders live there . Earth-moving trucks are really scary , the heavy brakes make it difficult for drivers to see , and normal people will subconsciously give way when they see them - but many earth-moving vehicles are used to running red lights and grabbing yellow lights ! Should ordinary people who abide by the law and do n't cross the road chaotically go to buy Iron Man 's armor ...
Once a person follows his own heart and is reckless , it is a very scary thing , because the human heart is inherently sinister , and the source of all evil comes from the human heart , so one can imagine how terrifying it is .
The computer shuts down before copying the homework submitted by the students . I will continue to talk about it in the next class . How can I explain it to the students ... The teacher 's computer is write-protected , and it ca n't be restored even if I want to restore it .
In just a few days away from home , I actually lost so much weight that I could n't eat in the car with motion sickness . The speed of this weight loss was amazing .
I / even / alone / from the subway station / walk ! /Back to the hotel/The whole process only relies on the navigation/And the guidance of a warm-hearted brother←_←/It ’ s just/On a rainy night/Walking on the dark road/There are still some ways
It 's a new album . What 's wrong with sending an album ? What 's wrong with you ? Simply
oops ! It 's raining so hard all of a sudden , there 's no umbrella
Received a website in 6 languages ​​~ Japanese , Spanish , Russian , French , Chinese , English ~ my head is big and faint . I hope there will be no more such lists in the future .
I 'm so sleepy , I wo n't let you sleep , and I have to listen to this damn teacher who has a leaky tongue ! ! Teacher , do n't act cute when you talk , okay ? ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I have waited for a long time for the sunshine of the teacher 's college
Really disappointed and hopeless for this kind of agency that is delaying payroll over and over again . Immediately leave after getting the certificate next year !
[ Bad ] proficiency test .... A more terrifying term is not so terrifying to do . What is the difference between the closed-book exam and the open-book exam ? The top 18 is not as good as us . I am just 20 . What will I do for the biogeography class in the future ? ?
It 's cold , my feet are freezing , and when I look around , there 's a car in front of me , my back is quite stiff .
In other words , the circle of friends is now a good place to advertise , although I occasionally advertise myself ( Nima is not voluntary , okay )
Somebody lied to me , called me behind my back , said it was a thief , looked at his hand , looked at his hand , I was looking for a book for my child , I was scared , I hugged my bag , felt them behind my back , said I felt the people around me It 's terrible that people just want to kill me , these people are terrible Dead Me Shijiazhuang·Haiyue Tiandi ( Business ...
Make up for the ten days of sleep ! I will never go to bed in this life ! right ! Just let me sleep !
What the hell is a sweat without a fever and a cold ?
Netizen meat Duoduo broke the news : Century Plaza , what 's the situation
Damn , it 's your own fault , this tone , it 's like I owe you , it 's hot
Gradually I came to know that there are many things that can be met but not sought , and that do not belong to you , so why bother to care .
I have a pimple on my face , I am in a really bad mood . I can only sleep after working overtime . I think it is very hard work . This is working with my life . The problem is that there is no salary yet . Bad review
Ask for CPA cooperation channels , otherwise there will be no money to eat
Every vacation is a test of the country 's infrastructure and the quality of the Chinese people [ strong ] [ good ] going to the passenger station to buy a ticket , and the result is scary [ nervous ] horror [ horrified ] full of people [ surroundings ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] [ Onlookers ] . Wuhan
The hardcore chatter is about to meet again 😂 I remember when I sat next door to work together , I often talked about the rhythm that I could n't work at all
Hey Sen , you do n't know , the car is rotten on the Banpo again , Kun Ziwa said he was a crow 's mouth . Luckily the little problem was fixed !
There are seven days in a week , 6.5 days in the week , and leadership is breaking my heart for us to thrive
Quietly gave me a whole set of blue shai `` autumn clothes '' . . . what a strange taste
So many jokes , what should I believe ? I think this entertainment age is about to blur my judgment .
Climbed into bed at twelve o'clock and have n't slept yet
When I received the money for takeout , I did n't dare to take it for the first time .
I often see some people talking badly in the comments of x.com . I say that no one is bad , it is a suggestion , and then I say that there have been accidents in China recently . Someone commented that I said that X is dead , right , give him a thumbs up This person and this person , his parents , and his whole family have died tragically , otherwise they would n't be so unqualified , should I scold you , I did n't say anything and just said me . Will never comment there again it 's horrible
My mother always makes my heartache when I am overwhelmed with emotions , and it is not easy for me to do my homework now ! ! !
In the past few days , I do n't know how to carry it like this . I hurt my hand and lost money 💰 Car 🚗 I do n't know which bastard is classified as such unqualified
When I was studying , what I was most afraid of was a cold war between one of my good friends and another good friend , especially in the university dormitory . Naively , I thought I would get rid of this concern after graduation . I never imagined that my father and mother would also come here , and today is the seventh day . I 'm so tired I want to take a dog
My roommate prepared a birthday cake for me and just gave it to me at 0:00 and sang a birthday song for me😭😭😭😭😭😭 ! ! ! ! woohoo woohoo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Touched ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
A collection of scary scenes in horror movies , nearly 9 minutes , 40 videos , simple and rude and scary ... It is best to watch when you are bored ! |Second shot video
[ A piece of white paper and a coin can self-examine the disease !
I do n't want to go to the dark underground parking lot anymore . I want to spend money to rent a long-term surface parking space , only to realize that I think too much
The second sister 's CV stalk 23333333 Green King is disconnected from the Internet to see that the traffic can still be used , so the 66666666666 senior sister ( finally ) exposed her attributes
I have n't been happy for a day after changing departments , and I have nowhere to vent , damn it ! ! ! !
I went to drink a cup of mocha in the afternoon , and even I would lose sleep !
The weight loss has begun , and the labor and capital will lose weight ! ! ! No more meat , please let me disappear
The most pitiful dish in history , chocolate mines with cold fireworks , a small pile of smoky fruit salad after blasting , and selling five , ten , eight , NND crazy , creative dishes from now on , bye bye
The game is over and the harvest is just anger ! It turns out that you can play like this , we help you to reach the top , it turns out that you have all the benefits . Forgive me for being too simple . Damn , we ca n't play happily together in the future , okay ?
When I heard `` Where there is well water , there will be willow lyrics '' , I thought of the legend of the Phoenix
Except for the food sent by Shougo and Shenbang , and the Daoxiang Village brought to me by Hediandian in Chengdu , I have never received any food .
It seems that Noh Hongzhe is going to return to Biaochai . Although the news is still uncertain , with the suspension of Zheng Hengdun 's activities , Korean fans are very loud . Let 's look forward to the bright smile of the crazy boy , biog !
Delicious chili is leaving me , so sad
Bao slept from 10 o'clock to 3 o'clock last night , and slept from 3:30 to 7:30 after feeding , and only woke up once . It was great tonight , while he was asleep , slipped out to watch a movie with his father , there were four I have n't been to a movie theater for five months . It 's really not easy . I used to have a late night snack after watching a movie with my husband before going home . I 'll go home immediately after watching it tonight . I miss the little guy at home . He was still asleep when he got home . Good night , baby !
Writing lesson plans , doing PPTs , giving lectures , attending party schools , postgraduate entrance exams , who will tell me that junior year is fun ?
It 's weird , every time someone calls my name on this day I have the urge to sew the mouth of the person calling my name
What year is it ! ! ! Feed mosquitoes all night ! ! ! ! Never been bitten by mosquitoes in summer ! ! ! I wo n't say anything else ! ! ! Eyes are swollen ! ! !
Really Nima has had enough ... hoarse , endless arguing ... If you 're bored , just break up ...
It 's hot to ride on the light rail . It is easy to get dry in autumn →_→
One kilogram can also be brought on the plane . What do the security personnel do to eat ?
Today , my friend asked again if he was looking for a partner . As a financial practitioner , this question really doesn ’ t need to be asked .
It turns out that I have so many qualities that I do n't know about myself
My sisters are on vacation in Hawaii . I didn ’ t expect that the soap flakes sent to Hawaii didn ’ t match what I imagined . My first impression was that they were in Xiamen .
No matter how estranged we become , once you were good to me was true
You drive so fast in the daytime , the rhythm of death
When did I start talking to you cautiously , I remember that I used to be quite arrogant . It turns out that the first feeling after falling in love with someone is actually low self-esteem . I like the trees in spring , the wind in summer , the dusk in autumn , the sunshine in winter , and you every day .
Aom liked Mike 's quote yesterday
It seems that it was the first time I had an infusion since I was growing up . I had gastroenteritis because I ate the walnuts sent by my father , which was too annoying for my daughter 😭 My vomit is about to come out , and I lost ten pounds today .
In the past two days , I have been dreaming about getting married . Does this mean that my heart is crazy to want to get married ?
Is the courier company sick , 360 degrees without dead ends and transparent glue bundled play , have you considered the feelings of those who unpack the package ?
Alas , the data is cut off at around 10 o'clock every night , and the forms are sent out in 20 minutes . I really want to sleep . I work more than others . I work overtime , and it 's still that little bit of salary . Why can they rest in an office , why , what the hell
`` People who have truly loved ca n't be friends because they still want to have them after a few more glances ''
I 'm laughing every day , guess if I 'm doing well , even you guys think I 'm fine , hehehe
I bought an iPad on Double Eleven without telling my family , but dare not take it out and use it . Is my brain broken ?
Today , no one speaks back to me , and I am the only one who is anxious , so what should I do with my composition and small papers now , I am tired !
It 's scary to come out in the middle of the night if you ca n't sleep , red lips👄 It 's okay to just look at the lips and not the face . You gave me 💄 , remember ?
The pit father 's APP , my own APP is garbage , the data is interrupted after the flashback , and I have n't filed a claim , and it 's not that I have n't provided data proof . Is n't the data on the Yuerun circle not clear enough ? In this way , all the appeals failed . Why are you still writing a big appeal on the event page ? If the appeal is not successful like this , then review your app well ! @ gudongwang
If I start walking now , I should be able to get to Zunyi before your arrangement comes out ... Your sister , if I do n't come out , I really want to go home
From Yantai to Taocun high-speed rail station🚅 no one is there , the car is even less seen , and no one is opening the gate at the exit . I am really drunk . I guess Taocun North Station is the most desolate and desolate I have ever seen🚅 , there is no such thing as one
After all , I have used oppoulike flip phone before , now it is oppor1 , I still want to use R7s , ca n't you give me a chance ?
Well , it was just by chance that Jun was RH negative .
My hair is getting shorter and shorter Is it a mouse that gnaws at my hair every night ?
How many cherry blossoms are blooming in winter , , , , monster ?
Do n't complain when you encounter things , do n't lose your temper when you are wronged , do your best , learn to adjust your mood on the day , do n't always disturb LL 's life , do n't bring too many negative things to him , work hard to grow , good night , we work hard !
788 , I want to buy a down jacket for the winter , but it sounds like it 's not convincing compared to everyone in the comments
Why is there such a big gap with Hong Kong ? Is n't it all China ?
Zhang Huabei [ Democracy ca n't be eaten , but it can save her daughter ] Xie Jinhe , chairman of Taiwan Caixin Media Group : Taiwan 's democracy has been struggling for half a century , and it was not achieved out of thin air . Everyone should cherish ! Democracy certainly ca n't be eaten , but without it , your future is no different from an animal 's . A while ago , it was discovered that many anchors in mainland China had been photographed by leaders and had to devote themselves . Yes , democracy can not be eaten , but it can save your daughter !
One day my flash marriage is definitely because I ca n't stay at home anymore
I always thought that the ending song of `` Good Times '' was a male and female chorus , but it turned out to be sung by Zhao Ke
Immediately , I was in a very bad mood , and the headache continued . If I wanted to take a break , I went to take a lunch break . What are you calling during the lunch break ? Call me and tell me , you need to pay attention to rest , I want to say , go to your uncle , I am resting , you disturb I am , you do n't contact me for a lot of time at noon , it 's really funny to single out my lunch break
Yarn cuisine . . . These delicacies are actually woven out of wool
Winter is coming , and the little red hat my mother gave me can finally be worn . It is this hair that made me dye it red after washing it !
TMD , really don ’ t help others with things , I ’ m really upset , I ’ m suffering from helping others , and in the end , others think it ’ s inevitable , and I didn ’ t bring things to call over there . If you have the ability , you can spend money to pass the customs . ! ! It was like eating a dumb loss , and being kindly complained . Fortunately , this time I was not very tired , but I was in a hurry . Next time I leave the country , I should be quiet and don ’ t tell others .
I do n't want to eat soil and ask for 1000 living expenses .
The computing power is equal to 0 , ah , the trough , the wrong calculation , the wrong calculation , the wrong calculation , the wrong multiplication
The unit requires employees to hand in their passports and keep them uniformly . If they want to use them , they must fill in a form to apply , and the three departments will review and stamp them . When I have already completed the collection , I also asked for it to be done one day before departure . The interval is too short . If it is lost , there is no time to make up . You will lose it there , it is not safe , how can we lose so much ? ! What 's wrong with her ? Or did I not make it clear ?
& quot ; Obesity & quot ; has never threatened me as much as it does today , made me so frightened , and even made me fall into extreme sadness , fear , and anger and cry that I was short-tempered . I 'm not making a fuss at all . Today is 10.1.2016 .
Sometimes I really wish I could be born a few years earlier , but then I think about it , so what ?
It turns out that there are so many people in this crispy corn shop in Hangzhou
Maybe I never let it go , otherwise why are you still running around in my dreams ? What 's going on ? I 'm so confused
The company 's attitude towards performance appraisal is very obvious : the initial trembling of employees to indifferent ; [ Shenma ] management 's initial cheers and sighs ; entrepreneurs from initial passion to incomprehension and blame . And with all these changes , human resource workers can only exit dimly .
If you make any broken software , you have to get rid of the dialog box . Labor and management are not accountants , nor are you a computer teacher .
My wedding date has been fixed , but your daughter 's marriage has not yet been decided , why should you let me marry next year , saying that your daughter will marry this year , but she is not pregnant , why do you want me to let it go ?
I 'm much uglier than this photo , they ask me if this photo is me , not me , but you
Why ! What a wonderful goal by Yu Dabao ! The referee did n't even see it ! What a blind man !
As long as you are sincere and good to me , no matter who you are , I will treat you twice as much . Do n't treat me with someone who does n't lack sincerity
I wait for you because I do n't want to escape my heart ; I wait for you . Because I am reluctant to let you go ; I wait for you , because there are our memories , I wait for you ... because I believe you did not lie to me .
27 weeks : The due date is getting closer and closer , and the safe period is getting closer and closer , but I am more and more worried . The fetal movement and secretions are slightly abnormal . , I 'm afraid I wo n't relax until after 30 weeks , and I 've started preparing items for the baby . As a novice , I 'm at a loss , so I can only look through other people 's strategies and follow the trend to buy and buy . Now the biggest wish [ prayer ] peace [ prayer ]
Hastily . As soon as I lose weight I want to eat everything . You ca n't eat anything without losing weight .
I 'll go to the Film Museum later , I do n't even have time to eat ! ?
I just shared a baby , I did n't expect the reaction to be so intense
Today my mother asked `` Was Hua Qiangu also played by Hu Ge '' . I said , `` Is there ? I do n't remember Hu Ge . '' My mother said , `` It 's that master , is n't he the one who played it ? '' I said , `` You 're face-blind~ That 's Huo Jianhua ''
How much slander the person I love has gone through , how much compliments they have received ... How much darkness they have gone through as many compliments they can withstand . Using a stubborn self as an enemy of the world and finally gaining understanding and relief ... I hope you are the same way ... There is still a long way to go . …Good night……
If the person sleeping next to me snores in the future , I will suffocate him with a pillow ! ~
The last time I turned to Weibo before going to bed , I lost a lot , motherfucker , net red post something to consider everyone 's feelings , okay ! Ask for the shadow of my heart .
The pressure of working with the female boss is really not that big . I was temporarily notified to go to the company for due diligence . I got a lot of information on the spot . I do n't even know the company name . I can foresee my tragic fate on this project for some time to come
I suddenly remembered that when I was on the fast copy last year , I waited for being sick and absent from the phone connection . My brother also said that when I was older than him , my health was not as good as him . This year , I also fell ill .
Ma Shaoshuai 's people and gods are indignant ! So handsome without me ! This villain is so annoying
My ears are so hot they 're going to explode
During this period of time , I have been shrinking myself into the shell , always thinking that I am the original myself or the same person who knows nothing and will not be under my own hands . If you don ’ t behave well , the first thing others will think about is that you didn ’ t take it well , and I ’ m still stupid . Others say that management is a profound knowledge !
Take care of yourself and do n't get hurt again . I will be distressed ! ! !
In the days of the bloody disaster , I was too hard on myself , too hard , stayed up late and stayed up until 4 coffees , and the last meal was nice
Beautiful flowers ! 🌿 It withered like this ! 🍃 Those who are not short of water and fat are frozen to death ? ! Can it be saved ? ! I 'm sorry~
Suisui said that her face is getting bigger and bigger and she looks like a pie , and I went to comfort her secretly and hypocritically : Waiting for me to take you for a face-lifting injection , I will pay for it ! Then I clicked on her circle of friends and took a look at her photo . It turns out that I am too innocent . The faces of her and her girlfriend are not as big as mine . The scheming baby is angry .
The last time the person who dared to play hair in winter was Hitler ...
Such a good tire , I wondered , how did the screw go in ? ? so long ? ?
I have n't eaten well for a few days , so I made a noodle dish like this
I want to sleep so much , why do I still want to wake up early tomorrow ? .
Why wo n't the teacher let me off work , my God ! It 's time to get off work at 11 o'clock , I have to get off work !
Do n't count on the World Cup for Chinese football that does n't even understand the youth training .
Grass mud horse ; what kind of ball is this TM ; this heart is blocked by panic ;
The scariest rides ever ! No matter how good the heart is , I do n't want to play with you
Everyone has such experience Accompanying can really accompany a lot of things . It 's not what you want . It 's really what you want . You ca n't do anything .
When are you going to take the test
Today 's birthday is very touching . A group of good friends are so busy and they even open a video together with my roommate to sing a birthday song for me until 12 o'clock . Maybe you say I am hypocritical , but I am so moved that I cry , thank you from the bottom of my heart , you guys Guess that is the birthday star ?
Hahahahahaha such a classic photo is so shy , thank you old lady
In the middle of the night , I was so hungry that I could n't sleep . Suddenly , I remembered that Mama had made a lot of dumplings in the refrigerator before returning to her hometown , and her happiness suddenly increased .
Relying on the other side of the fuckfuckfuck , looking at the map and looking for it for half an hour , I was drunk because the horse was a lunatic in the late stage of cancer . ! ! !
Jing , I 'd rather you do n't have that money now and come back to me quickly , my sister and family are worried about you . Come back soon ! I know you 're in a hurry to get home too . You remember to call back tonight without a car .
Last night , I even dreamed that Ma Yun gave me a like. . .
Today is the third time I 've dropped my phone , and it feels like it 's going to die in my hands before long
Shentong is definitely the most disgusting express courier to school , and Quanfeng Huitong Yuantong even SF Express is better than it . In the province , I ca n't get it here~ The customer service ca n't get through , and I do n't know where to pick it up by myself .
It turns out that Zhang Huichun in Beautiful 99 is really Zhang Huichun in Good Voice
For the first time , I really felt the logistics after Double 11 . The same-city card is really slow for three days .
When it snows , be sure to ask the person you love out for a walk , because if you are not careful , your head will turn white together ...
Even if Changge controls people to jump off a cliff , can they control people to move like a god ? It 's just a mess ! ! !
Lost the glasses , lost the beads , lost the hair , and ruined the baby ! Do not ! open ! Heart !
Huang Weixiang is terrible . If you do n't ask for things to deceive me , forget it if you do n't feel grateful . The fake girlfriends and sisters who make me worse , the jealous people think that Zheng Xuan 's family is good . Huang Weixiang has not seen that his family is good , right ? Family friends . How can I be blind to meet the worst man , a man without responsibility and conscience , a stallion man . Will I be despised and called me , I suddenly feel afraid of those people calling me [ pick nose ]
Said TMD said that the salary is the happiest , and I am happy to see that the salary of the people who play a few days a week on the salary table is higher than the salary of the people who work every day . I
Evidence taken by the boss💤 , I just want to say why not help me
After tossing and turning after the night shift , I ca n't sleep , my eyes are blind , and I 'm still on duty at night , let 's have a bottle of Red Bull
What a day🐶le😣😣😣😣 I just want to go home , why so much shit
I ’ m really full and I don ’ t want to go home . I ’ m hungry in the last class this morning . I just want to go home .
Why ca n't I think about one question , I 'm going crazy
The first game of this year is close to gz , and the mood is complicated , and I have been away for too long . . . dodo accompany me to roast quack , roar K , so hi sound
Damn , I met a dead thirty-eight early in the morning ! ! 씨발 ! ! Fuck ! !
I 'm going to sleep , I 'm going to sleep , I 'm going to sleep on how to get deep sleep fast
I ! finally ! TMD replaced the new memory for the notebook ! ! ! Now start reinstalling the system ... I was so sick before that I had to install win8 for a while ... Alas , I am full of tears .
523 . The strong wind that had been blowing for two days stopped , and the clouds were still thick . On a whim , I booked a ticket for a long trip tomorrow , anxious and excited . Recalling the incident seven years ago , I felt amazing , the phone was unanswered , and the story was unsuccessful . In the afternoon , I went to buy some supplies for going into the mountains .
You said it was easy to be an international student ? ! Is your language ability particularly good , and is it easy to live in a very unfamiliar place ? !
I do n't want to buy anything from that shabby store again in the future . The customer service is too much , and I almost say that the things I received are damaged and I wo n't reply .
Why did the teacher ask me when he saw my desktop : `` Do you usually play games ? ''
What the hell is this ? Deng Chao also plays Loan Bao . I must have read it wrong
The occurrence and end of every relationship is actually a war of memory . Those who have been hurt will be hesitant and fearful , because he remembers so clearly that what he is afraid of is not the person in front of him , but the person in the past . He not only interacts with new friends , but also negotiates and fights with his own memory . You know how difficult this relationship is . As long as you are serious , problem solving is easier than you think . [ c cold eyes ]
I want to go home ! When you are in a low mood , comfort yourself , what should you do if your positive energy runs out one day !
This ... this this ... this is the rhythm of snow in 1124 ? ! The snow in Wuhan in 2015 was a month earlier than before
Do you always read Weibo just like or not comment ?
Meeting is fate , but there is no such thing as a banquet in the world . It 's a bad feeling that we just got to know each other but we have to separate . You will definitely be happy .
I 'm going to blog again today ... I just do n't understand how some people are so bad at their own work and still have the face to scold others here ? ! Do you have any idea how you are doing ? Still feel like I 've lost myself , or what ? ! If you do n't do well yourself , who do you blame now ? Do you blame me for being cruel or what ? I really do n't know where the courage comes from !
Just a few hours ago , the system crashed and it took nearly two months to catch up with the producers of more than 100 post-production dubbing and soundtrack sequences . The shortest interval was only 0.5 seconds .
Silent and innocent and being scolded again , , , I want to eat something good
Can you not touch my things in the future ? I beg you
From knowing the results at 10 o'clock to now , this baby has n't entered the website to see the results , expressing sadness
You ca n't bully my treasure 's name as four characters ! ! Saying that Yi Yang Qianxi is refueling , or jumping to the search page , or else saying it is wrong , saying that Qianxi is refueling may not be able to sense it . . . . . Really , can you be more reliable ?
I just suddenly discovered that the netizen on the postgraduate entrance examination forum half a year ago turned out to be my dear Ya Xin
Holidays go faster than rockets , I have to go to work again , not happy
I even got in the wrong car on a rainy day . Can you think a little longer ?
Watching a World Cup qualifier with such a hot and obvious goal referee are you blind ? You are blind , do n't be the referee ! Go home and raise cattle ! Depend on !
I had n't slept yet , I was browsing Weibo , and suddenly the sleeping cat was screaming in the living room . I was so frightened that I suddenly woke up . After a while of silence , the cat came in . It used to sleep at my feet , but today it is I was very persistent . I kept going into the bed with my head on it , and drilled into my arms . The stick was very tight . Maybe it was a nightmare just now . Now I just want to find someone to rely on . It fell asleep again [ Rabbit ]
`` Youth Infected with Weird Diseases , Staying Up Late at Night Playing with Mobile Phones and Being Abandoned by Relatives and Friends '' is my story ...
A woman proposes to a woman , swears that I have a house , a monthly salary of 7,000 yuan , I only use 500 yuan a month to buy what you want span
Climbed to the 6th floor in one breath and the door still ca n't be opened ! Why is this ? Because I live on the 5th floor ! ! Really stupid . I 've been really worried about my IQ lately .
Sometimes , I feel that there is a little girl living in my heart . No matter how old I am , there are still many fantasies and childish things . I want to be loved , pampered , valued by those who like , cherished , and think a lot . , but , the reality wo n't let you continue to fantasize like this , so ah , you still have to be independent .
The first time I climbed the ladder to change the tiles on the roof , I thought it was such a simple thing , but it turned out to be a bit sore , leg cramps , and leg cramps .
When will your appetite get better , be responsible for yourself and your baby
I really do n't understand how some idiots are still alive .
In fact , I know that you have been writing Weibo all the time , but it 's just not public , so I have n't seen your Weibo update for so long .
So melancholy ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ! ! !
It 's too unstable recently , right ?
I changed N Weibo names that were close to me , and all of them were occupied . I do n't know if the name can be recognized now
【Boiled Eggs with Red Heart Clams】Clean the clams : Boil 2 spare eggs with boiling water ... Break up the eggs , pour the water for scalding the clams ( after cooling ) ... Arrange the clams in a steaming bowl and cover with plastic wrap . Cover the pot and steam for about 15 minutes ! Look carefully at the boiled eggs . It was perfect : very smooth ... a little soy sauce . Add water and mix thoroughly , pour a few drops of sesame oil on the stewed egg ! Sprinkle with green onions ! Finish !
`` Unreachable '' is a bit difficult to understand , but I like the ending song !
Nowadays , online shopping is more and more sad . After the quality of the goods is guaranteed , it is more fake , and the express delivery is getting slower and slower .
The real shot of the terrible Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy , netizens shouted : scared the baby to death ! Video in seconds
I really want to have someone who can tell you what to eat for lunch to accompany you , and then eat yours ...
Countless grass and mud horses floated in my heart ! ! ! ! !
Die of laughter , the big northeast has been popular for many years
Eye-opening at the Agricultural Expo , it turns out that the `` tortoiseshell '' armor piece came from that guy
I do n't say that I 'm giving you at least respect , and I do n't want to care too much with you , but do n't push your nose and face , I ca n't guarantee that one day I will wear a pair of ten-centimeter pointed stiletto high heels and kick you in the face !
Such an easy schedule ! Luxurious lineup ! But hit a four-game losing streak ! Did you say that the refrigerator is not out of class ?
When Guan Zhilin was a child , she looked exactly the same as Yang Ying'an when she was despicable .
I did n't sleep well at night , I woke up in the morning with a fire
Today 's football match is absolutely blind to the referee ! We were immersed in the excitement of the football score anyway and did n't take pictures ! At 78 points , a goal was obviously scored ! But the referee did n't see the goal . The World Cup qualifiers are such an important game . Obviously , after scoring such a long distance , what are you pretending to be ? Oh yes , there is still a point and the whistle has not been blown .
Today , with the kind reminder from my classmates , I am going to celebrate the birth year next year .
[ Stars ] [ Stars ] [ Stars ] [ Stars ] [ Stars ] , very good-looking ... The whole process has no urine and is very burning . The plot is compact and bgm extra points . Large sections of chase scenes and action scenes are exciting . The speed and shooting scenes are very exciting . The tears are very cruel to my mother and cry to death ... ☠Drugs are really the root of all evil . The anti-narcotics police are all stubborn and iron-clad ( pay tribute to the mighty police dog fried chicken ... I still have to sigh that children are really scary [ horrified ] ... full text
Unspeakable powerlessness . It 's like you do n't care no matter how hard I try
If you talk too much , it will make people worry , and it will be really uncomfortable if you don ’ t talk about it Chinese are all Chinese people can communicate !
Me ? If I take the initiative to talk to this dog , I will tear my own mouth
I have been in a strange place for more than a month . I don ’ t know what I really feel in my heart . I just often recall everything from graduation to the present . No confidence in anything .
No matter which little crab it is , if you lack one , you are lacking in strength . We need to work harder to get through this most difficult time . I am still here ! ! !
I remember that when I was a child , I was always urged to go to bed before 8 o'clock when the TV series had not been finished , and then when I was a child , I slept obediently because I was afraid of being scolded , so now I see some children after 8 o'clock It 's weird still playing . This sleep , I have no nightmares , no people I miss , but for some reason , although I sometimes live the same routine as when I was a child , those days will never go back~
Was trampled by Mary Sue thousands of times , what the hell is the plot , mainly because I actually finished watching it
I know Hei Xiaosan all day long , can you do something serious ?
No matter how hot it is , a basin of cold water is poured down , and the temperature will change
All kinds of abuse at work every day , all kinds of surprises , all kinds of bizarre , all kinds of strange things , K ! Looking for abuse every day , how cheap is it ? !
I wanted a smart home in my new house , so I asked the little yellow chicken nervously for instructions . The little yellow chicken took me directly to the experience store and made a decision on the spot . I wanted high-quality imported goods . My budget was raised by two levels . I was so moved [ tears ]
Forty or fifty files X2 , there are two kinds of price and no price . Now all the content and information have to be changed . It ’ s really empty to eat .
Still insomnia , only a few hours can not sleep . I used to be curious about how my classmates and friends felt when they got married , but now I finally realize it .
remember ! Do n't mess with me ! Otherwise you do n't know how you died
So sad ... I ca n't find the motivation to eat meat ... I 'm sick
… . I slept for nearly 12 hours last night , but I am still sleepy in the morning . Will my mind sleep watts ?
After more than a year , I suddenly realized that she was mad at me . I do n't know if I 'm too thick or she 's too angry , I did n't realize it
Sudden fear of marriage [ horror ] When I think that if I get married , the other party will see it
It has been planted twice in the vicinity of Wangfujing on Qixing Road . The last time was the unpalatable wild boar chop bun , and this time it was the Sichuan-Tibet noodles which seemed to be full . 22 A bowl of miscellaneous mutton noodles , super small mutton , less than five pieces of mutton in a bowl ! The 13 pieces of Sanxian noodles are even more pitiful . There is clearly a pile of kelp . Can you tell me which Sanxian it is ? ! you say ! It 's obviously kelp noodles , and there are only two small ribs in it ! Do n't even give me 5 bucks to eat !
are you angry ? I ignored you , the narcissus that should be full of flowers , have all begun to enter a deep hibernation period ? I hope to come back after the New Year and smell the fragrance of a room ... Good night , sweet dreams ...
With you , I will never get tired of life . Not tired of watching , not tired of thinking , not tired of playing , not tired of eating , in short , thank you for having you in life . Good night
The company sent a wedding gift , and the whole process was applied for by the administrative sister . I was notified in the morning to pick it up . A certain 24 pure idiot heard of it and called me quickly to inform me , you have a present for me ~ I thank you and your family ! When you take a nap after 12:00 to ask for credit , how afraid are you that it will be too late ?
The fortune teller said that the best fit for me is to be three years older than me or one year younger than me and one year younger than me . It 's best to have someone three years older than me who likes me and waits for me , but I do n't like him at all There is a boy who is a year younger than me , but he is too good and too far for me
Why did I take out my car keys and she left without looking back ?
Do n't want it , if it goes on like this , I guess I 'm going crazy
I 'm really super invincible . I hate rainy days , my clothes are all wet , and I have to run around with an umbrella . It 's really annoying
I 'm not that familiar with you , just a stranger , thank you , labor and capital
Every time it 's a minute away , I 'm in a good mood , I ca n't be late again
Geez , what happened when I went to bed early in the morning ? Italy , Japan , Australia ... what 's going on ?
When it rains , you ca n't hit the car , you ca n't squeeze into the bus , you can carry a lot of things , and you will die if you drop your mother 's eggs while walking
Did everyone buy anything on Double Eleven ? Did you receive the goods ? Are you happy ? I bought a pair of shoes on Double Eleven , and I arrived today . The moment I opened the express delivery , I was still happy . The moment I opened the shoe box , I thought I was dazzled . When I took it out of the shoe box and put it on the ground , my heart collapsed , mom ! ! I waited for six days ! ! ! Just to buy a pair of right-footed shoes ? ! !
It 's been raining for a while in the afternoon and I feel like I 'm going to be sick
Recently , the violent explosions and the roar of planes have often been heard over Taihe Town , Hechuan District . What is the situation ?
I want to go to the comic exhibition ... I want to learn cute dance ... I want to sing ... I want to eat with my friends ... I want to go back to Zhejiang to see the gays ... A lot of homework ... No progress , I catch up with the homework of one subject I 've finished the measurement ... If I can survive this trip ... I must be sick in bed ... ! ! Even so , I watched Runningman all night ...
In the past two weeks , the workload has increased sharply , and the whole person is not well
There is no way to play happily like a sophomore or junior . Every day I have a lot of things to do . I always feel so busy every day . I think that there are still many tasks to complete .
I haven ’ t eaten and I ’ m still thin👏At first I thought the baby ’ s feedback was a navy👿👿👿
I do n't know how to describe my current mood . I have a home , ca n't go back to a friend 's house , I 'm embarrassed to go out of school , I ca n't go back to my body . I ca n't even answer the phone , I do n't think anyone is worse than me hahaha
Horrible , I never sit in the passenger seat when I take a taxi , and my vigilance is still relatively high . The real thing of my colleagues is terrible
The first time I went to work on a holiday , I could n't fall asleep because I was worried that I would be too busy tomorrow ( I feel excited and scared now ) . In fact , I fell asleep for half an hour because I had two consecutive nightmares and woke up ...
The biggest insight when I went to college is that I am no longer so afraid of Sundays , and I no longer look forward to the coming of holidays like in middle school and elementary school . If Friday is a holiday , we will look forward to it from Sunday night to school , and the mood is also very good , and there will be no phobia of leaving home on Sunday . I was shocked to see the number 1 displayed on my phone calendar today . Sudden feeling . .
The little prince of Asia , you have a grudge against your PD , such a magical camera angle
I 've heard ... a man has 5 seconds to decide if he likes a woman ? real or fake ?
Do you know what kind of heart I feel when I am happy and excited , I ca n't wait to pick it up , and only two pieces fit .
Scared to death , did 63 boxes of work in one morning . I ca n't believe this is what I did
When you open it , you see him . Has Wang Kai become popular in the music industry ?
Inexplicably , I was asked to prepare for nursing rounds . TMD is still a complication of cerebral hemorrhage , but I will be on night shift tomorrow .
Damn AFC is so behind that there is no goal line referee
After lying on the bed , there is an idea that quietly spins around in my mind . It 's so late . I seem to have something to eat to not violate my mother 's egg . Sub-flavor really Nima is on time ca is hypocritical at night
Beijing , the Forbidden City , I thought there would be fewer tourists in winter , but I did n't expect it to be the same as the peak season !
Treat everyone around us with heart : no matter we have met or missed , there are always people and things that we will never forget . Every passer-by in our life , whether it is a relationship or a relationship of words , there is always something fixed in our impression . The distance between a blessing and a smile is far greater than the blur between people . Acquaintance is fate , and acquaintance is the blessing of a lifetime .
When you go to the movies with other boys , I should erase all my longings for you . Love a person who can really do things beyond the bottom line . I will make you who we are today , and we will no longer cherish ours today . you
I did n't expect my speech to become so influential . I did n't expect it .
A certain idiot looks at my photos like seeing a ghost , can it still be fine ?
Ovarian cancer caused by dysmenorrhea in a 26-year-old girl ! How many people should panic about ovarian cancer caused by dysmenorrhea [ panic ] ! Because there are too many people with dysmenorrhea , everyone thinks it is normal , and there is no popularization of female reproductive health , so they do not understand it , nor do they know its harm ! Because dysmenorrhea feels normal so it 's okay ! Because a little inflammation is normal , it does n't matter ! As everyone knows , when you feel that it is related , it may be the time when you ca n't do anything !
1YearD190 ( 20151115 ) : In the evening , the baby got a ponytail , helped the mother take off her shoes , and asked the mother to put her feet on the ponytail , and then the baby started to massage the mother 's feet and legs
Some people are really called local tyrants ... 😨 I want 1000 yuan to buy a new pair of sneakers
There is something to give , not to bear ! A beggar has a good life ! Good people live a life of equanimity ; they are too demanding in life . You will carry too much burden ; Dashe is a state of great vision ! The inevitable result of Dashe is greatness : many times we do n't want to be strong , but we have to be strong . We do n't want to smile . But had to smile .
Can I kiss you ? No . What did I just say to you ? You told me that you can kiss me……………… Every time I don ’ t follow the routine
During this period of bad luck , the kettle was confiscated , and the glasses I just matched fell into the taxi , asking for transfer
As soon as I started to eat some shrimp , my face became red and itchy . Can I still eat seafood ?
Taobao 's transaction volume is 91.2 billion , and returns are 57.4 billion . Is it true or false ?
Damn I was almost electrocuted just now Tired [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] life is big [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] heart lingering [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ]
Although the night is dark and windy , I 'm not afraid of ghosts . After get off work , I took a shower and took eight couriers . I returned to the dormitory safely . I said that if the prodigal women have lost so much , there will be a lot of people who will arrive together . Guess what is right touch touch
Nima ! ! ! It took two years of dating to find out that it was a girl ! ! !
There are surprises everywhere in life , but sometimes it may be a fright , leaving ... come ... keep telling myself that if you come , you will be at peace , you have already been a deserter , you ca n't be a deserter again in the neonatal intensive care unit , the nightmare is over Another thing that begins in the world , there is no right or wrong , it depends on how you look at it and how to face the ordinary mind | Jinan · Shanda ...
The shrew 's Hedong roar really makes me nauseous ...
Damn , it 's hard to do one thing together when everyone thinks about it , is n't it ?
Am I the only one who thinks that the first male in `` School 2015 '' and the second male in `` Unreasonable Advance '' are super similar ! ! !
I work overtime until twelve o'clock every day , change jobs , change jobs , and then collapse as soon as the wind blows .
In a fit of anger , I cut Qi Liu Hairen , ruined my eyes and swollen
[ Tears ] I hope that in the future my child will have musical skills [ notes ] I ca n't do it anymore ... My mother sings much worse than me ... When I was a child , I disliked my singing and taught me to sing ... [ Karaoke ] Now I want to think ... [ horrified ] horror
Unexpectedly shot ! What are you doing , Miss , just go home ... What did I say to you , please bear with me , Miss , and keep your posture low , it 's so funny , do you have any ?
The dormitory is really bad , no one will take your feelings into consideration , such as in terms of personal hygiene , such as when you sleep , others are always playing TV shows , music , and making all kinds of noise .
I don ’ t know if it ’ s because I ’ m getting older recently , and I ’ ve had many dreams about many people in the past . I also dreamed that a man in college was getting married , and I was in a sad mess . The most terrifying thing is that I did n't have a crush on him when I was in college .
Especially I ca n't understand a same-sex person who has never met a few times . Every day for some reason , I do n't want to answer . I have to ask questions every day . I 'm not familiar with it .
I dreamed that I was with Ishihara Satomi , my girly heart ah ah ah ah ah
What to do with my long hair and waist , what to wash my hands and make soup for you ... I am ready , but there is no time ...
I got up in the morning to have my blood drawn , tested for diabetes , and walked around for a while .
sensenofHu ... A person faces his own timidity in the face of bad luck , and when faced with timidity , he can find his own vulnerability , but in the desperate situation where there is no way to escape , you always have the moment to calm down . Human 's survival instinct actually always has amazing potential that you did n't realize
Annual planning , Double Eleven retrospective report meeting , I 'm about to be squeezed into dry goods
It 's hard to have someone I like , but he does n't seem to like me😭
Sir , why ca n't you let me sleep a little longer ?
If your career is gone , you can work hard . You only have one . You must get well soon . Please feel sorry for yourself , okay ?
Life is a waste , please do n't miss it # youth class #
The examination should be done as early as possible . The Cai Da Nan who came for the interview today has already passed the six CPA subjects in 1990 , and he has just finished the comprehensive examination and is waiting for his results. . I feel like I 'm at the starting line again
I suspect that the fried shredded potatoes in the cafeteria today are filled with gasoline . I have never been so unappetizing in my life .
A4 paper is really powerful , in addition to memorizing things , it is also a sharp blade , not only can cut your hand , but also bleed your lips👄 , it hurts
I ’ m going to grab a train ticket home tomorrow . It costs about 300 yuan for me to go home . I can ’ t afford a ticket for the local tyrant . Can you buy it for me ?
The strongest feeling in the world is not `` I love you '' , but `` I am used to having you '' . Relying on each other is the deepest love . Good morning , little princess~
Tired and congested , only oneself can understand that others can ’ t help . It ’ s hard to say anything that matters to you . Be careful . Everyone is so busy . Whocareu is a big deal . Learn to be smarter , stronger and more independent
Nani , the first courier for Double Eleven is EMS
# 上一篇Error re-do it again # I really want to buy ps4 ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Xiao Universe was born here . I have seen a doctor here since I was a child . Second grade hepatitis A . The doctor here first discovered that it was recommended to transfer to the ninth hospital for inpatient treatment to save a small life and then have a regular fever every year . I still have lingering fears . It has a good reputation in the local area . No registration fees are required . Reasonable service attitude . Because of various reasons for demolition and relocation , it is now in my memory ... Expand the full text c
What to do , I want to watch it ... But there are still classes on Thursday night
Oral ulcer , please hurry up ... I still want to go out to play in style
Is n't this really from our studio ? Why is it all from our studio ?
In fact , I know that cursing @ yunda express on Weibo is useless . I will never use Yunda express in the future by setting an example ! stupid stupid stupid stupid
It 's not easy for a rookie to spend an afternoon here from when they go to work until they get off work .
20151124 If this year is just a dream , then I will wake up and find you again
During the infusion ... The doctor said , child , your blood vessel infusion is really good for needles~ The doctor does n't have to worry about it~ The result ! ! ! ! ! ! I got three stitches ! ! ! ! ! Three stitches ! ! ! ! ! I 'm going big
I am not happy that you are not willing to accompany me
sister 's . Waiting for which bus and which bus does not come . Route 14 and Route 2 have each passed a few cars !
I slept too late last night . I had a flatulence and could n't sleep well . Now I feel dizzy .
I 'm not saying that the terror in Paris killed 200 people and the whole world was in shock and mourning with flags flying at half-mast . It 's no wonder that the bomb attacks in the Middle East have killed tens of thousands of people every now and then .
In the last class , like primary school students , I had to do homework every day when I came home , even if there were still people making small reports .
Happy birthday , I said to myself , I always have girlfriends and friends who love me and accompany me , I am very happy , what is ingrained in my heart is that I want to go on with you , always , always , always , I never will . I will feel lonely , even today , I am still very proud . I said , you ca n't change in my heart , I will hold on to it and not let go . Love you guys . my buddies
I especially want to know what happened after the blood was drawn . After I went to the emergency room for a blood test that day , it went from swelling to pain to blue to black and now it started to turn red again ... [ Halo ] What is the situation ? ? Would n't it hurt ? ?
Oh , I have n't finished my words yet , I 'm lost in love , and it started when you had an affair , so I 'm very sad and do n't want to talk to you . The older you are , the less you know how to express it . Too many beauties in the Lun family are still very jealous because you do n't bring the Lun family with the delicious and spicy food every day , and , well . . . The next night shift is almost exhausting grandma , and she has to recite the three bases to the boss every day , which is just torturing the rhythm of the dead , terrifying !
This 002597 is a love gangster , not suitable for a small fresh play like me , I will run tomorrow , I ca n't provoke you , I will hide , a lot of cool mushrooms
Since Mei Qian returned to Sichuan , Scarlett 's mood began to become abnormal . In the first few days , Scarlett ignored the breeder , and even ate very little of the favorite food on weekdays . , To this end , the safari park tried to make Scarlett back to her former cheerful appearance - installed a swing , single parallel bars for Scarlett , and installed a TV to show her childhood videos of her and Maisie .
I want to record the countdown of the days we spent together , and the Weibo of this job number is also stopped when I leave .
Your sister , your sister , your sister ! Your uncle 's ! ! ! Earning money is not happy , it is better not to make money
【Psychological reminder】Most people believe ... now is the worst time in their life , and it will never be worse than now ; and the truth often tells us ... you will never change . Worse than now is yet to come ...
I 'm about to graduate , why are there endless shit all day long ?
That year , when I first arrived in Shanghai , I walked all over Nanjing Road to buy the original version of Xian Si for the first time . My favorite is Xian San , and I only love Ziying . Those days with Xianjian are the youth that I ca n't go back to .
I heard that this is the new general to replace Cheng Yu ? This blood volume is too scary !
The season of cold hands and feet is coming again😂 It 's time to lift the seal of hot water bottle and electric blanket 😂
The bad mood this morning is because of that horny who hates him . I hope to leave soon . Hurry up , hurry up
This continuous week of rain has made parents who have to pick up and drop off their babies very crazy every day . Ca n't those luxury cars queue up when they drop off their babies ? Is it alright for the giants to keep squeezing around ?
Share a zero-point mood in the morning ! In the heart , there are 100,000 grass mud in the heart 🐴
Ma Ma drop ! Recently , many users of Sina Weibo are Shenma situation ? ? ?
I found that most hair stylists are not very literate , and they never seem to understand what it means to be casual , a little spruced up . I just wanted to cut it a little and he just sent me one of this . . . It 's so ugly , I 'm too embarrassed to take a picture . Do n't want to say anything , do n't persuade me , I 'm going to cry for a while .
Aunt , you are working so hard , you have been suffering from internal injuries this year , but unfortunately it is still November
Niuniu lost her lower incisor last night , and the second small permanent tooth is about to erupt
I change my phone from day to night , my head is too big , and it 's not easy to use
There are really all kinds of grass and mud horses in my heart ! ! ! how do you know the dog
For several days in a row , eating cheese and barbecue , and staying up late at nearly two o ’ clock every day , the result is that the cinnabar pimples between the eyebrows are getting red and bigger , but at this time , I don ’ t want to sleep and still crave cheese , I think it ’ s time for me to treat it .
I have encountered a very depressing thing recently , how can I even eat a kiwi sour and cry
[ Get married after getting through it ] After two people have been together for a long time , you will be surprised to find that your eyes are a bit like his eyes , and his smile is a bit like yours , and you let him change it unknowingly He got rid of his bad habit of frowning , you walk in a similar way , you speak more and more alike , you love to drink the same drink , and you can always guess what the other 's next sentence is ...
Although the IS organization is hateful , but the leaders of some countries who forcibly participated in and launched the wars in Iraq and Syria , do n't you think about it ? ! Now it is innocent people who suffer !
Watching TV series , getting into college , hugging each other , crying and laughing , I also cried tears and snot
I want to blacken all the children 's shoes that sell things in the circle of friends space . I pick up the news in the advertisement every day to see the real sadness , and I will be bored by you !
After so many embarrassing scenes I literally have to wear flats flats flats ! ! ! ! But I 'm not tall enough
It took less than 15 minutes to park the car , and I was towed away immediately . Tow tow your sister ! ! !
Send a Weibo to commemorate the school rules and disciplines that have been memorized for more than a month . I just came back from the exam . Everyone else went to play . Only I have to go to water .
Little baby , your cough will get better soon , Mommy ca n't stand it anymore ... It 's annoying to see you like this
After the hair was cut , the area was heavily flooded . Did it rain heavily just now ?
Whoisnext ... what combination is this
When I ca n't sleep at night , I will recall the ups and downs of the past
I finally took a picture in the snow , it was frozen and I could n't take it at all 🐶
People who do n't believe in themselves are not even worth their efforts
It was a foreign language college before , but when did it become a sports college ?
Do n't ask me how I feel when my wisdom teeth grow again ! This is how I feel right now and this and this 😭😱💔
Recently , many people are mentioning this , even old classmates are doing it
The good mood accumulated for a day was instantly killed by two sentences . Life is not easy , but do it and cherish it .
Always looking for me at dinner time , why do you want me to be thin ?
The waiting time is long enough for my next bus . If I knew I was late , I might as well just wait for the bus ! Depend on !
The mood is old and bad , this person disappeared for nothing , broken sleep !
I 'm very happy today , I 'm very happy , and the last one may be because I 'm too tall , so Zhang Mofan looks very short , but she 's too ugly , right ?
Terrorists have seen Mission Impossible 5 , and the plot really seems like it ! !
It 's been a long time since I had a lighthearted day ! ! Why am I such a thoughtful person with so much inner drama ! ! Ca n't you just be a nerd and live a day is a day of optimism ?
[ How to make close friends ] Sincerity is the lubricant of friendship and the glue between friends ... Sincerity can bring psychological resonance and spiritual sustenance among friends ; the blending of ideas ; people who treat people with sincerity : people around him always Gathering a lot of friends : he gives people a sense of security , pleasure and trust . Only by exchanging hearts with each other can we become close friends with each other ; false ; pretentious ; people tend to `` keep away '' from him .
This semester , I learned to play the piano , and my heart is stuck ( ´-ωก ` ) . Since then , I will never go back on the road of buying hands . ಥ_ಥ , Ziwei , my hands are not obeying orders ( T^T ) , how can I learn well
When asked why he did n't use an umbrella on the set when it was hot , Huo Jianhua 's answer was sauce ...
I 'm now trying to control the primordial force within me .
When I ’ m done with work recently , I ’ m going to cook and eat by myself . It seems that I have eaten takeout for ten days .
I arrived in Prague at around 20.00 yesterday , almost two hours late , because I was scared by a group of local ruffians when I went back to the dormitory very late last time . This time I also have lingering fears , but it is okay , there are many tourists , although it is very dark , there is no So scary . Sister Thuy has been waiting for us , so gentle , kind sister . When I opened the door , I asked if I was with your boyfriend last time . I said no , it was with my girlfriend . . . . . Female ... full text
Autumn Yin does not disperse and the frost flies late , leaving the dry lotus to listen to the sound of the rain .
I 'm so sleepy ... But I 'm too playful , so I 'll be refreshed just by playing .
Zhongshan South 2nd Road Wanping Road OTZ ... Many of my elders live there . Earth-moving trucks are really scary , the heavy brakes make it difficult for drivers to see , and normal people will subconsciously give way when they see them - but many earth-moving vehicles are used to running red lights and grabbing yellow lights ! Should ordinary people who abide by the law and do n't cross the road chaotically go to buy Iron Man 's armor ...
For someone without shoes , rain is a disaster . Continued rain is a kind of doomsday .
Exam tomorrow ... Today is the rhythm of fighting until two or three o'clock . ok 한국어를공부하기시작하겠습니다
Mingtai looks like Wang Tianfeng 's illegitimate child , how can he become the son of the Communist Party !
# 星大Detective # After watching the show for a few days , why do I feel that the content behind it is getting more and more terrifying , terrible , it is better to watch it in the daytime in the future , the baby is afraid of having nightmares [ collapse ] [ collapse ] Nanning Guangxi University ( Xixiang ...
Oh my god , I saw that President Xiyan wearing black calf socks today ? ! !
Knitting wool until late at night , and you accompany me~~Thank you meow~
I thought there could n't be 48 people with a name like this , but there were 86 people
sister 's . Waiting for which bus and which bus does not come . Route 14 and Route 2 have each passed a few cars !
I 'm so angry because I ca n't sleep ! ! ! I 'm sleepy !
I feel flustered when I think about the future , let alone a month later , even if I can ’ t go to work tomorrow , I feel flustered . The landlord ’ s sister said that if she thinks too much , she will not be able to do the current thing , but she can ’ t help [ tears ] a bowl of instant noodles is still not cured I am afraid of the future ...
Well-meaning lies , malicious lies are all lies , intentional deception , unintentional deception are deception , intentional perfunctory unintentional perfunctory is perfunctory , learn to comprehend and learn to distinguish , do n't overestimate the position in her heart , do n't stop Let the fragile heart bleed , turn around beautifully , and be safe . ……fate
Very good coffee magazine , which introduces many different types of coffee shops , thank you Bank Coffee for providing
When I think of everyone celebrating graduation tomorrow , I have to work hard to drag a horse and rehearse the strip show at the annual meeting at night , and I feel extremely heartbroken until 9:30 .
Is God Zhuang a human being ? It has been two pairs in 11 consecutive factories ! ! !
Another female driver who went backwards and dragged her into a flying face
I have accumulated so many things without knowing it , and I am also startled , should I be happy ?
Autism , Anxiety , Anxiety , Depression ... It 's over , the symptoms are aligned !
Over the past year and a half , I am very grateful to those who have helped me . Before I left , it was too late to say thank you 🙏 .
This gap is too big , it is still more than ten degrees this week , and it will reach 0 degrees next week !
I find that almost every year I have to have a meal with mobile or EMS . The move has been resolved , wait for EMS , wait for my sister to arrange a time to tear it apart with you
When I woke up in the morning , I was splashed with hot water on the door of the bedroom , bad luck , bad luck
I want to say the deepest words I have to say to you , I dare not ... I am afraid you will make fun of me ! So I laugh at myself ! Break my secrets in jokes , and I take my pain lightly ... for fear of you ! I want to say to you the truest words I have to say : I dare not : I am afraid that you will not believe it . So I turned the truth into a false one ... Saying something contrary to my true heart , -- Tagore .
Well , this speed is completely coming over .
Find a place where no one is , look in the mirror , bow to yourself , and say to yourself : Aunt , you have worked hard ,
All wages are paid , why do n't we pay them ? Stupid traffic ? Do n't you know that you look forward to this day every month ?
Scum ... Every time I give illogical lectures and exams and take illogical exams ... Nima really feels hot
Happiness is to sleep with you until you wake up naturally~~
No one really cares what you think , do n't overestimate your place in the eyes of others .
I want to cry watching runningman 's concert video on my computer
I ca n't go in for the review , the last two classes are tomorrow and the day after tomorrow .
Anyway , my brain is not enough , and I am very sad ( really , the more afraid I am , I will do whatever I want , and I hate myself that is less and less like myself , )
When it snows , you must ask someone you like to go out for a walk , because if you are not careful , you will turn white together ...
Now I 'm the only one left in the bedroom
After dismantling , dismantling and re-installing , has the brain flooded ?
Recently , the screen looks like a mosaic of eyes with 5 pixels . Could it be ... Want to be short-sighted ?
Gathering is fate , separation is calamity , we are powerless to change anything , only hope that the joys and sorrows of this life are accompanied by each other , good night , # 何炅赵丽英 # Picture Source Post Bar
I have been staying up late lately , and I want to buy myself 1000 to go to bed earlier . If you can avoid staying up late , try not to stay up late , it 's too hurtful .
All kinds of trouble ! All kinds of unhappy ! All kinds of helplessness ! All kinds of crashes ! All kinds of want to explode ! ! ! !
The national football team can finally prepare for the 2022 Qatar World Cup with peace of mind😡😡😡 The referee is so fucking blind
For my daughter who I once saw as a special favor , probably the most arrogant expression in the future is to increase the gift list when they get married ... This is probably life .
These behaviors are on the edge of legality and illegality , but because of the remarkable results , there will always be many companies trying to take advantage of them .
My colleague invited me to dinner at noon , and I had a great time . I will be busy with the party tomorrow ! Prepare a little bit every day , so tired ! Start ordering tomorrow
Just to buy a drunk dropped 430 yuan ! ! ! Four hundred and thirty ! ! ! I could buy those shoes ! ! I can still buy clothes to eat and drink ? ? I must earn it back ? ? ( I hope the people who pick it up in this place will treat it well or those who need it ? ? )
Not all the past can be regarded as memories or my heart will twitch , but one day I can face everything about you with a smile and hope that you can be together
Up to now , do you think it is useful to apologize and keep kneeling and licking with various explanations ? Why is it useful to apologize ? Why do you want the police ? ! Ignoring you is not a deliberate punishment for you , it is to give you time to reflect on yourself , and get out of your way !
Some inexplicable person said that I am mother T , your uncle , let 's talk about it
So scary , I just saw five boys sitting on an electric horse
Morality is seriously distorted ! If he comes out , he will continue to harm people , and he will be imprisoned for life to pick up soap and rub himself in prison for the rest of his life .
# videobase # A collection of scary scenes in horror films , nearly 9 minutes , 40 videos , simple and rude and directly scary ... It is best to watch when you are bored ! [ Insidious ] ~Be careful ! Video in seconds
There is snow in the north , there are fallen leaves in the south and the cold wind does not know the way back
I 'll go , the way of communication in the three-body is actually real
Originally it was good to sit and eat alone , but if you come in as a couple , a couple is not enough , and two couples come in . Sigh , I was still abused when I went back to the dormitory . Now I don ’ t want to see any show of affection .
The English is too bad to understand the datasheet of 89C51 , so I just drew a chip , and found that the other two chips have 20 pins . However , the package of the component library is only 18 at most , and now I want to take a dog
Think about it , it 's not that I 'm heartless and indifferent . Just letting yourself be sad will make you feel sorry for many people who love you . Born with the function of filtering sadness , after all , I want to be a beautiful girl who is happy for a lifetime
If I can rub my beard on my face again , I wo n't dislike it anymore🍃
Disband on the spot , what the hell ! Do n't say you did n't win , even if you win , you 'll have to be hammered back by others if you break out of the group at this level ! Chinese football , I am disappointed in your complete collapse !
Why do n't you take care of your child at home and take the office with you when your child is sick ? Not reconciled to not infecting others , right ?
The first snow fell in Taiyuan yesterday . The white snow mixed with green leaves fell , like fireworks ignited with all the strength , announcing the sudden beginning and end , good night
Ca n't let me rest in peace , net thing
The spring breeze of reform and opening up has awakened the sleeping land , and it has also added enough nutrients to the flowering of mustard production in Simen .
Anything can be replaced ! Only your own efforts can not be replaced by others ! 😁😁😁😁
After receiving a notification , you ca n't figure out the time and place . What else can you do well ?
I went to the toilet in the middle of the night and was scared by my roommate screaming in the corridor . When I was reading Weibo about express delivery , I received a text message from the delivery assistant , one finger to kill the mosquitoes that were about to release poison . And sei I want to be quiet
Phew ... It hurts indistinctly again , I ca n't hold it anymore , hey Nima ... !
`` You ca n't move , do n't move , you will wake up from a dream when you move . '' Once that tree 's own home could only be in a dream ...
It 's really not easy to go out and set up a stall ! sun-dried
It 's a little uncomfortable to learn today that my male best friend is going to turn an ambiguous object into a righteous person . Could it be that I have feelings for him ? However , thinking about it , I guess he still has a kind of first love plot . At this time , keep a proper distance from him to avoid trapping .
I want to get big 🔥🔥🔥🔥 , do n't mess with me ! ! !
Feeling that your abilities are not worthy of the opportunities given by others
At home alone at night , I went to take a shower at 10:30 . As a result , I accidentally fell and lay on my side on the cold floor . It took a long time to get up . Suddenly , it turns out that danger is everywhere ! What if it does break down ? I do n't even have my phone with me ! Left butt hurts
Damn , I bought a point card normally , and reminded me that the fraud was blocked for 48 hours . I bought one in 48 hours and was successful . When I bought a different type for the second time , I was reminded to defraud Taobao for 48 hours . If you suspect fraud , you also ask me if I am not deceived . I am blocked every day .
I have to collapse to death today , because Mao is so unlucky ! It 's not easy to do something for Mao ! KAO ! MD !
Whenever I feel that I have a lot of hardships in my heart and want to find someone to talk to , I ca n't find someone to talk to , and I do n't know where to start . only one person
Preparing material packages for customers overnight , although there is only a few dollars in profit , but thinking about the happiness of customers when they make finished products , I don ’ t feel tired .
I like to watch Meituan when I have nothing to do , and then ask my sister to buy and buy fried tofu . It ’ s super delicious in the pedestrian street . Maybe it ’ s been too long since I ’ ve eaten fried food . As long as it ’ s fried , it ’ s delicious . Chicken chops are delicious . Dip chicken chops in tofu sauce . It ’ s also delicious . It ’ s a pity that people who only eat a few mouthfuls get tired of crying . God knows how much I want to be fat ... How delicious is it to eat alone ?
I read it wrong at the beginning , I always thought it was `` Follow Bao Beier to take an adventure '' , until I watched the show today ... I 'm not suitable for watching this kind of `` heart-abuse '' show , I almost cried .
Holy crap , a plane just flew over my head , so low
shit . . . After a few days , I finally figured it out
Thank you Director Guo and Sister Caijie for their blessings~~~
Look at how degenerate you have become . Usually you don ’ t study hard , and you only want to go out and play . When you go out all day long on weekends , you are the only one who entertains a lot and you are busy ! Are you stupid , you have no principle at all . Is this still you ?
I could n't help but watch it , it was a really magical episode ... Alas , everything came back in an instant , the smell of the school cafeteria , the nervous hand grabbing my arm while watching the same table , tossing and turning trying to kill the Buddha The mood , suffocated to the fear of the knife and halberd . Pleasant feathers , not happy at all , even want to cry .
Some people love each other , but they grudge each other all their lives . Such love is the debt of the previous life .
I 've had a stomach upset these days , as if there 's a child in it
Without staring at him for a few minutes , the unlucky child squeezed out most of his wife 's expensive skin care lotion , and poured in mineral water in order to save his father 's life . After taking a bath in the evening , I watched my wife pat her face nervously in the bed , and my wife spat out a few words : `` This thing is good , it is absorbed faster and faster ! ''
Solve the psychological shadow area in your heart at the moment ! As boundless as the ocean !
I go ! Silly Golden Mountain Guard ! I just do n't want to use you ! can you stop relying on my computer
Talking to your girlfriend in the middle of the night every day , even if you abuse the dog , the key is to disturb the people , you know ?
The subjects that I have n't reviewed are 11 points higher than those who do the questions every day . How do I take the test ? ! I do n't want to take exams anymore ! I do n't want to read any more books for a minute !
I hope that the farther away you are from me , the better . It 's best not to see you again in this life . You will always be the person I hate the most . My enemy in this life , go to hell
Motherwort , the favorite food of Chaoshan people , will cause virtuous exhaustion ? What 's going on ?
The introduction is to remember the killing [ loud cry ] After many years , you all walked into the recording studio to record the same song again . It may be the same as the uneasy mood they waited for in the audience , but after all , there is a sparkle in the restart . The Yellow Sea accompanies [ yellow heart ] [ yellow heart ] [ yellow heart ] [ yellow heart ] [ yellow heart ]
It 's not easy , I can sleep at noon , this big idiot , if you do n't sleep at noon , why do n't you pack your MLGB bread ? A good noon sleep , finely chopped . Hold .
All I want to lose weight are folds
Suddenly there is no direction at work , who can help me
I stayed up all night the day before yesterday and still have n't recovered . The dizziness is really worth the loss ... It 's hard to do it if you ca n't get rid of it ... tears ... Put yourself in your own shoes , troubles have to be solved by yourself , and you wo n't be in trouble in the future . friends
I finally managed to keep my hair free from split ends ... I 'm starting to lose my hair again ... Going to the nunnery
The teaching and research group will come out and talk , can we learn something useful ? Should we learn an advanced version of Photoshop ? She dislikes CS3 for my mother ! And the computer room obviously has to use CS3 for CS5 and Neudesign , which made us work hard for a month . Is n't it a high-end Powerpoint ? ! I ca n't do all the electronic interactions I designed . The design is very plump and the technology is very skinny .
Just finished watching a video . . . I am struck ! I am amazed I am emotional ! I find it incredible ! This is really happening all around us ! I ca n't take it ! In my life , I feel that I really have to pay my debts ! Ego-craving self-seeking continual self-torture and suffering to achieve short-term happiness . . . This is human ( human tired )
One courier made 16 calls ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You just went to Korea , did n't you come back , and flew you into the sky , did n't you ? ? In the words of others , rowing a thousand miles without relying on oars , all relying on the waves ! I wo n't call you by name to save you some face
The news said that Ningbo 's recent rainfall is the highest in history !
Do n't pretend that it does n't matter what you should keep , and do n't pretend you can keep those who should let go
again ? Look at the yarn ! How do you let double-class teachers live ?
After only half an hour of sleep , I was tossed and woke up . The heating in the dormitory is too powerful . Cover the quilt . It 's too hot . Do n't cover it . What should I do if the mosquitoes bite me ?
What the hell ! I do not care ! Nothing is missing ! It 's that none of the items bought on Double Eleven are available ! Ask for 600 fares ! Go and pick up my courier in person !
Emotional intelligence is too low , IQ is not high , it is really sad to live in the crowd
It turns out that my husband really likes Michael Jackson 's performances while watching him dance and complimenting him
Tiankeng ! Holy crap , I finally had an interesting sports meeting . I signed up for the project , but I did n't notice the time ! People thought they had given up ! I write a comprehensive evaluation of chicken feathers ? What a bunch of shit ! Sister is going to swear ! ! !
My brother said : Do n't go against your own heart and listen to what others say is suitable and then marry , otherwise this will be a threshold in your heart that you will never be able to overcome . Follow your heart . He also said : Sometimes I really envy that you live a silly life every day without any worries . He also said : This year has not achieved anything . I agree that I am too . He added : I am not the same as you , at least I am married . He asked me : What are your specialties ? Except for being cute . I : ……
Little crow , you are so good at playing , we have n't snowed yet , you know !
The literati of the past dynasties visited the tomb of Sun Shuao and wrote many poems of praise .
This is the Hong Kong media . . . The two small windows of the interactive news station do n't have live broadcasts of the ball games . Instead , one live broadcasts the Hong Kong fan area and the other is aimed at the mainland fans area~ This kind of alternative live broadcast is really rare~
`` You 're the most complicated person I 've ever met . '' is by far the most recognizable comment I 've ever received . And only people who are themselves complex and multifaceted can see this . But the strange thing is that I tend to stay away from such people subconsciously . I am afraid that if I get too close to people who are similar to me , I will feel naked , and even the dirtiest and darkest areas will be explored , which is quite scary .
I 'm so pissed , I 'm not going to be nervous anymore , you guys
hateful ! There are countless youthful and beautiful pimple beans , looking at me arrogantly and domineeringly on my forehead
Who wants you to go to mom 's room and go to mom 's bed to use the toilet
Insomnia , I suddenly want to eat the bibimbap that is just one taste , and I have never eaten it since
Slowly and slowly I started to stay up late again no no no no no I refuse
Xin Jiaxuan once said : `` Who is Qian , who calls the red scarf with green sleeves and tears the hero .
Last night , I dreamed that a lot of high school classmates , one or two , became so hideous and said ~ it was scary . When I wake up in the dark , I see something I do n't want to see , I see odousann , and I run away desperately ... When I wake up again , it turns out to be a dream . [ tragedy ]
To sum it up , it 's fucking stupid and lazy
Issue 057 : How did terrorists use technology to communicate before the Paris bombings ? Possibly a PS4
After tossing and turning , it can be considered to be here , I am hungry , since there are no restaurants nearby
After a long time , I swiped the tag ... It turns out that lft wants to put a small yellow picture , as long as the cover picture is serious .
The saddest thing is when you meet someone special , but you ca n't accompany you for a long time
Maybe things are not as bad as you think , if you ca n't avoid it , then accept it ( Bullshit ! No way if you do n't accept it ! )
My son said that the dinosaurs I drew are not good-looking , but I am careful
I 'm in a bad mood recently , what I see , what I do is not going well
I always feel that it is impossible to have the perseverance to paint the floor on weekends , so I gave myself a birthday greeting before I put it on the paper~~
I , I , I am frightened [ frightened ] [ frightened ] [ frightened ] Huang Jingyu and Xu Weizhou are addicted to two pairs that have become so popular in Korea ! When taking pictures , it was also recognized as a fan sending snacks [ tears ] # 徐伟州 # # 黄景宇 # Second shot video .
Share pictures My community is located in Kanghua New Village between Jinxiu Road and Pusan ​​Road , Kangqiao Town , Pudong New Area . At the beginning of school , children 's physical examination generally exceeds the blood lead concentration , and even more than 500 mg in severe cases . Most children are over 200 . Most are in the 300-400 range , and some serious ones are above 500 . Some are just babies in their arms . Environmental pollution is already dangerous to our children ! ! !
It 's so windy . My chestnuts were all blown away .
The baby is forty days , and I feel that I am no longer alone with your company , full of energy , thank you .
On the second day of work , I felt that it hurts everywhere . If people don ’ t exercise , it ’ s a waste . After two months of rest and recuperation , I only gained 4 pounds . Sadly , I continued to struggle , persevere , and work hard .
After a night of rain , I went back and forth between the dormitory and the water room in high heels ...
People 's eyes and ears , like the new and hate it , are the world 's sympathy .
The distance between ideal and reality is too far ... ca n't bear to look directly
Finally ate the dumplings without chewing them whole Now my stomach is protesting that the food is so big it 's so uncomfortable
Tick , tick , tick . Maybe when I grow up , I become less courageous and think more and more . I often feel panic in my heart , turbulent , and chaotic . The heart is not quiet enough , the ambition is not strong enough , the flowers are like brocade , and it is fleeting .
I 'm so dizzy , what 's the matter , is the heater too hot , or I 'm sick
Keep your mouth shut in groups , keep your heart alone . Self-cultivation should be based on a pure heart , and careful words should be the priority when dealing with the world .
I still do n't understand why I let her go , what 's wrong with me ? Why ca n't it be me ? I 'm so good , if I do n't choose , I really have a problem with my vision
Dreaming that you have packed all your things and are leaving
Everyday traffic jams every day , mornings and nights , random lane changes and overtaking lead to a 15-minute drive for just 100 meters . Is there anyone who cares ? I do n't know , but I think it 's in the urban area . Highway ! ! !
A few minutes ago , the light suddenly made an abnormal noise . I do n't know where is the earthquake ?
For the days of the recovery period , there is really a state of life that is not as good as death . It 's super uncomfortable . I have n't slept all night .
@ xuanxuan 's sister wants to strangle you and ca n't sleep at all since 2 o'clock
Zhuangzi said : My life has a limit , and my knowledge has no limit . Hu Shi said : fear of infinite truth , every inch of joy . We often do boring things in order to spend our lives . This is the gap between people .
Tired but unable to fall asleep My biological clock has been messed up for the past two weeks and I have been reduced to relying on rainingsounds to save my insomnia
My mom has never been able to accept the fact that I 'm getting fat , she made me lose weight with all kinds of explicit hints and contempt Mom~ Do you think I do n't want to lose weight ?
It 's been raining every day recently , and it 's really going to drive me crazy !
I go to work every day during this time , I ca n't distinguish between weekends and working days , I ca n't distinguish between day and night , and now I just want to have a morning where I can sleep in .
quick ! Silly dick , when the meal comes , it wo n't be delicious right away ... My stomach growled just now and I 'm still shocked to see such a big bowl !
Guan Bojun , why have n't you come out yet , I waited so hard for Xiao Hu
The baby is still calling `` Mama '' in sleep~ I make a lot of noise every day , but I 'm very tired of being obedient
How to say it 's a pity I like you like you 're on a slide and you just slide down . It 's over . I 'm sitting at the bottom and thinking about it , but I still think it 's hard to go back . Wandering and laughing , I walked towards the crowd again . The years are not too long . You and I are both kind . When I see you , I will still laugh .
Said that a male god would like it ? Really ? @ dengchao @ dengchao @ dengchao @ dengchao @ dengchao
There is actually no fat times ! ! Buy it home , will Mommy beat me ?
It 's so hard to find one you like ! ! ! ! Do you dare to show up soon the one who can make me like him so much that I like him more than myself ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
The charity sale finally came to an end . Although it was very tiring , it was worth it if it could help those in need .
# Taoli Like # As soon as it snows , Beijing becomes Peiping . ( by Palace Museum )
Li Yaling , you are really low . Sure enough , the quality of someone who can be friends with Michelle Ye is really not that good . Do n't show off the villain 's proud face , and ask for an apology righteously , it 's really a dog
After the defense , I feel that the stone in my heart is put down all of a sudden ... But there are still dance exams and make-up exams for sports . Hey , can you make me relax ?
Bring Yadaner to the Chess Friends Club to play chess , and play against a child , and the other child records . When it was over , Teacher Ye explained . I watched it for a while , but she actually remembers every chess move
It has been almost five months since I got an operating license . No result yet !
Thank you for the gifts , my hands are sore when I take them home
Do n't be afraid of getting away and lose contact slowly , only worry about the heart that you do n't understand when you live together. . There is too much running-in between people . If they ca n't accept it after they get to know each other , they can only settle down on their own. . Hello Tomorrow ! It is only after work that I realize that everything can be solved , but the things between people can only be known without speaking . You can ’ t talk too much , it will hurt people , and you can ’ t talk too much , it will be sad . Well , don ’ t talk and tell lies . .
Always clamoring to find a partner , but never take the initiative to hook up ; people who do n't like them are too lazy to accept the pursuit of others . It is not so 'better lack than abuse ' , but still unwilling to be wronged . Sometimes , it feels good to be single ; often , I envy others when they are in pairs . This is the daily life of many people who are single . -- Wandering around in laziness and entanglement all day long , the days are spent like this~~
It 's enough to get up in the morning to have a critique meeting , it makes me feel bad all day ...
Can I say that I never want to do business in my life ? ! Too many things are one of them , and the overall quality of personnel is low is the other .
When I saw them , I thought of when I used to study by myself ...
The more you get up early , the more you ca n't sleep . What 's wrong with Nima !
I got fake money , I 'm depressed😒😒 , it 's not easy to make money ! immoral
Every time I want to sing a song for you , but I will only ...
The night of November 23 , 2015 was like a nightmare to look back on , but the joy of going through all the pain made it all irrelevant because you came , our love .
I do n't dare to look down , I feel so uncomfortable , I just watch the ending so as not to destroy the beauty in my heart
Yesterday , I just finished taking the exam for Section 1 and got my ID card back . In the evening , I saw the leader in the group telling me to bring my ID card and luggage when I went to work on Tuesday , and went out for training for 5 days . It 's also a coincidence , but before departure , can you let me see a double 11 courier ?
The most awesome store on Double Eleven I have ever encountered returned the money and still sent it over . I was shocked .
The car guide is at Wat Chedi Luang in Chiang Mai . What the hell is the driver doing ? The handsome man went to another drama before finishing the filming ? ! According to another temple picture you posted a few months ago , it is inferred that the new Cheche drama is related to the temple . Could it be a love drama in the temple ?
The decoration is really the most tiring thing . I explained this and that , but I forgot to do it . I always said to see if there is any way to make up for it . If I can be more professional , I will do it before .
Oh my gosh ! There is an old grandpa who listens to e-books with 6p on the bus ! Love trial after marriage : the prosecutor 's wife ... blinded me 🐶👀
One second I was eating wontons , the next I fell asleep , you are too weird
Everyone , please do n't come to Hubian College of Commerce and Trade . In the middle of the night , there are still male leaders who go into the girls ' dormitory to `` check '' . When they come , they do n't look at anything but say that your dormitory is not well laid out . The dormitory was not made by us ! I wonder what the hell is going on !
[ Wonderful Cake ] Oh my God , this product turned out to be a cake
If I want Holbein solid lottery 24 , it will cost 980 after the discount ...
There is no class in the morning . I go to the computer room to get the average of the five exams . Okay , I only have a score of 48 . The average score of this class is 56 .
Damn , now this computing software is really getting more and more high-end , it can be solved directly
Before going to bed , I closed the living room door , and when I came out , I found the door was open .
I 've been so busy lately ! I forgot to write on Weibo╭ ( °A° ` ) ╮ 11.14 , baby ’ s birthday , disappeared for a while in the afternoon , I booked the theme room in advance , decorated it with petals and candles , prepared cakes and gifts , but she was almost the same guessed
I accidentally saw a wedding photo passed on by my classmates , my God , how did these two get together ?
After watching which video , I was nauseous for 2 days and still dark , relying on
Is n't it a common thing for the third brother to hang up ? What a fuss !
After eating a bowl of rice , I wanted to poop , and in the process of pooping , I vomited so badly that I felt disgusting when I thought about it . No one is disgusting. . .
Did n't you tell me to brush it ! Five people lied to me together , the baby is not happy
Every time he gets sick , I am the most unlucky . Not only does he need me to take care of him , but I will be infected when he gets better soon .
It ’ s already the second day of infusion , and my head still hurts to death . I have to take painkillers and sleep to get by ... After the infusion , I feel nauseous and dizzy .
Tuao has deprived me of the joy of shopping~ bitter ... it is so bitter ...
Packing my closet today , oh my god , so many clothes -- -
There is no place where I want to hide , I just want to escape far away ... I 'm so tired ! From tomorrow onwards , I will change my mentality . I will definitely catch all the hardships God will bring me !
It turns out that there has always been a four-leaf clover lurking around me , and I just discovered it today
What to sleep , go and clean up
Hey , it ’ s really hard to force the student party . I get up early and stay in the dark . I write homework every night until 12 o ’ clock , get up at 6:30 in the morning , and I have to study late in high school . I only have one day off on weekends .
In fact , this kind of pain is nothing , just bear it and it will pass , right ?
Every time two people chat and send the last message at night , the person who sends the last message must love each other very much , because he must wait for her on the other side of the screen to put down the phone before putting down the phone .
Inferiority , deep inferiority complex I 'm bored for two or two whites . I feel like I have n't exercised for a week and I 'm still . I 'm especially afraid that I 'll become skinny . Why ca n't I grow fat ? I 'm really afraid of being thin .
After one time , one less time , you just stand stably and I rush forward .
Mosquitoes bit me while I was taking a shower , I was really drunk
This man is a beast , lie Ciao , this woman is mentally retarded or mentally retarded , stupid , is n't that the only thing left in life , ca n't you do something serious , little girl ! little girl ! little girl ! Nit , it 's really good to do it ! Women , to a certain extent , are still vulnerable groups and should be protected ... These people do n't even think about it , are you all crawling out of rocks ? ⚡
I have to travel far away every three days and I do n't know how busy I am . I will go to Hangzhou tomorrow and go to Shanghai Minimani on Saturday to coax this kind of weather . I have to sleep at home .
Even if I 'm in a bad mood , I wo n't ignore you
Oh my god ! It 's time to rethink our education ! ! !
The more afraid , the more flustered ... you only have to move forward ...
In the past few days , the busy state has been turned on . I need to do 3 PPTs , 3 big videos , 3 experimental reports that I know nothing about , 1 zero-based scientific research project ,
When I bought a car , my dad said why not to buy a Mercedes-Benz BMW . When I brought my girlfriend home , my dad said that our gift money was 100,000 yuan . I said that Dad and ours are more than 20,000 yuan . My dad said it was 100,000 yuan . Now to buy a house , my dad said that 93 square meters is too small , and 180 is about the same . What I want to say is that Dad , you will give me money ? ? ! ! How much money do you think your son has ? ! It really sucks for my son 's life !
It 's a mess , why should I wear glasses
I 've looked up at this before . I feel that you are Shanghai , you are the one who keeps me persistently struggling .
Beautiful , I was very excited to see Pantene 's official only Pantene .
Why ca n't I even get out of bed when I have a cold ?
I want to express too much , but I do n't want to say it . Good night , do n't miss me .
Damn , I remembered that I had a dream last night and dreamed that I dropped to the second place in the championship show .
There are always people who ca n't kick a fart with three legs . You are so anxious to die that people can pretend that nothing happened .
Your sister , it seems like it 's nothing to do with a week 's delay
After tidying up the room , there is a kind of heart that wants to die
It 's really enough , and nothing good comes to me .
Why do tears fall in an instant and my heart still hurts , but it 's more of fear and fear
The good mood is gone ! ! ! I really want to see electrical appliances ! depressed !
You are like the night ; with silence and stars , your silence is the silence of the stars , distant and bright ... I like you , as if you were gone , distant and sad , as if you were dead ... Then ! A word ... a smile . Enough is enough : and I 'll be happy : happy because it 's not true .
Life gets better when it 's bad enough , because it ca n't get any worse ! A lot of things , stick to it , let it pass !
When sick , ten years old . Ask for help . How to treat insomnia . If you do n't sleep , you will die .
The brain-damaged person clicked on the decision of not changing the point , and the result has been tossing until now~ I need to think twice before starting , I look forward to returning to normal use , and see the light soon~
In addition to our company 's inability to brush , UnionPay 's share in neon may have reached the level of all major shopping malls . Today , a group of Bangguo people came and took out a card . I swiped it and found that it couldn ’ t be used . After a closer look , the card that was written in Bangguo was actually a UnionPay card .
Keep on keeping on ! For two months , you ca n't see it !
When you see a girl , and you want to do something , it becomes very difficult . The girl 's mind , boy , do n't guess , you ca n't guess it even if you guess . 0IneedAV .
My stomach hurts , my feet are soft , woohoo~ it hurts baby
I have to work during the day , and I often dream at night . I am exhausted .
I 'm going to be pissed so late , my earphones are broken , my little heart , in my heart , earphones are better than claw machines
UPDATE : Reuters reports that the US now believes a Russian fighter jet was hit and exploded in Syrian airspace !
The body test was actually photographed as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle ! ! I ca n't take it anymore ! !
I finished watching all the shows today and saw my picture on the big screen . Suddenly I realized that I was about to say goodbye to the four-year stage .
It 's almost time for get off work ! Parents come to find teachers ! Why talk to the professional teacher for so long ! ! ! Really drunk ! Still waiting to get off work
Nima , it 's this point again , I really want to be able to take the shuttle bus tomorrow
Ca n't sleep , but feel very sleepy , sleepy or ca n't sleep , am I thinking too much ? Feeling down , not happy at all
`` It 's raining outside , it 's like the rain is dripping from my heart '' ... I ca n't sleep in the middle of the night and get nervous , haha
I just admire the determination of Koreans to create beauty , such an artifact can be imagined
Life is unsatisfactory , nine times out of ten , it 's no big deal
When you know that there is only life left , you may feel that everything in the world is light and cloudless . Holding everything without fear is a big deal . Death is a big deal . Only when death is really close will you be more afraid , more uneasy , and more aware of what regrets you want . This thing is scary
This scene reminds me of the end of The Perks of Being a Wallflower . Some people turn 17 and forget what they looked like at 16 . Youth will be a story , but at least it 's happening now I know I 'm no longer a sad story at this moment I swear we are forever # BTS # # In the Mood for Love pt.2 #
Share the Somdej amulet made in the motherland . The imitation techniques of the motherland are all heaven and man , but the Jinnapanchuan scriptures on the back of the amulet can be translated into English letters . Take a closer look at the letters visible Iwilltobe ..... me , you.and , etc . What would be the effect of wearing such a card ?
Which is more important , the decision of the elders or the people around you ? Is it because the people around you are not important in your heart at all , so you listen to your elders and leave ? Or still ... ca n't think of something that might not really be that important person .
It 's too early to count , but I 'm not stupid ! I 'm not here to test the web page for 12306 !
On the first day I came back to work , I slept until 4:00 pm , so I still can ’ t fall asleep . Of course , what affects my sleep is the increasing number on the weight scale .
Why are there so many Weibo posts today ? That 's because one thing drained all my patience and it was ! what ! you ! coast ! work ! industry ! Big ! study ! school ! Inside ! network !
It was the first time that Xiaomi had been away from him for a day since he was born . He was not responsible for his eating and sleeping , so he was a little worried . I made an agreement with Grandma Millet that if she did n't call me , I would n't call her . She also reassured me . Millet also agreed to talk to Grandma today , which seems perfect ! Hope all goes well today , hope it 's a good start , really looking forward to the date tonight
I 'm already so poor that I do n't have money to cook , why do I still think about buying a book ... and I have n't finished reading the book I just bought ... but it seems like I 'm buying ...
I 'm tired of Mi Riyan 's day , I want to say that I am a scumbag to work in your company
The exam will be on the 6th of December , and I will be there on the 7th . I am also under a lot of pressure .
Today is the most noisy sleep night for little girl , there is no one ... As a child who has always been unmoved and needs to take a nap , I played high with my mother today and did n't sleep . After taking a bath in the evening , I lay in bed crying for more than an hour from eight o'clock before I fell asleep with tears in my eyes . I really want to kick her to an alien planet today. ! !
When I went to withdraw money , the toilet died on the day I went back without withdrawing the money . Why should such scumbags continue to appear in the school ?
When I get home , I immediately return to nature , so cute . The little niece looked at him as if she could n't eat , was that so scary ?
The shame of Nima automatically updating Weibo is so high ah ah ah ah
. My God , I ca n't remember what I did last night
My prosopagnosia has worsened again , which is a genetic defect caused by a genetic mutation . On the way home , a car was standing still , and the driver ignored the phone calls on the side of the road . He rubbed the side of his car nervously and drove over . When he saw an electric car in front of him , he scolded you to show off . You deserve it . you . When I got home , I found out that the man was my son-in-law [ bad ] , but he came every day ! I knew him from his house , and I would n't know him anywhere I saw him .
The first woman in IKEA slept on the bed wearing shoes , playing with her phone , speechless . do n't they feel dirty
Swollen gums . I ca n't eat even if I ask for help , it hurts to death , how can I sleep ? ? ? ?
If MLGB is out of food , this baby will have a broken neck ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Please help this person , I just called the police today , I am afraid it will be more difficult to check , my living expenses have been deceived
How I wish my curtains were soundproof at this moment
For four years , I really have had enough of the girls in this school . From the beginning of freshman year , all kinds of girls jumped in the queue for water and rice . The feeling of us queuing in order has almost become an anomaly . Now all the students in the class are studying , and a group of people come in to chat and chat about daily life . I especially want to ask if you have any quality . I 'm really worried about your future
Action is the only criterion for validating and witnessing language . Language that does not produce actual action is called rhetoric . Plans and promises that are not put into practice are bullshit !
Can anyone tell me please ! Why ca n't the fan group be found on the homepage ! where it goes !
I want to turn off my mobile phone for a week and live a life without internet and phone ... How great would it be if I could
I don ’ t like taking selfies when I ’ m fat . I ’ m not interested in taking two pictures every time . My face is too round😭😭😭 I searched my phone for a long time to find these pictures . Every day I tell myself that I want to lose weight . 😑😑😑
In Ying County , I was shocked by the affinity and majesty of the thousand-year-old wooden pagoda . The 205 provincial road , the winding mountain road , meets all our fantasies and expectations for the journey . ( The road on the cliff is too scary [ horror ] ) Check in at the foot of Wutai Mountain , stop , have a cup of coffee , take a hot bath , the moon paints the silver edge of this small town , I feel that the whole person has gained weight ~ Xinzhou·Fanzhi County
Maya ... I 'm flattered that she was actually selected by Yang Baa 's classmates
Pray that everything goes well and nothing accident happens , God , I beg you , I just want to keep it simple ! Be safe ,
Yesterday I lost my USB flash drive , lost my mobile phone card , got lost and got off the wrong car . . . Seems like all the bad luck has been spent in one day . But today 's mood is very bright
Either follow the textbook carefully , or give the scope in advance ! You are not talking about textbook knowledge , and you do n't give the scope ! Xue Xue social science teacher is good , see that the students do not listen to the class , and directly send the final exam questions and answers to us ! Do n't you know that my sister and I have a lot of responsibilities this semester ? !
I feel like I ca n't make it through this time . I 'm graduating right away . It 's not easy to get promoted to the senior year , but it ca n't be ruined here . Let 's continue to force myself to learn .
Why does the disappearing girl change as soon as she comes out ?
It is very happy to receive double 11 packages one after another , but do you know what the most painful thing is ? I bought a bunch of new clothes but had to wear a uniform every day ! !
The next episode is absolutely high energy , absolutely high energy , absolutely high energy , but it will take another 6 days to see it ah ah ah
Be grateful for those difficult years in your life , do n't think of them as bad things , but as opportunities to learn and grow . After a long day of work 🐂 , when I was alone , my tears flowed out of nowhere , it just came out , inexplicable
I did n't want to post any status , but in the end I could n't hold it back , because the eleventh at the moment should be the worst one . I thought I would spend these eight days very well , but I could n't bear it at the beginning . Live , alone , in a room , never lonely , never feared , inexplicable panic , alas , too depressing [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ]
Hashiben 's children who go to bed early can only eat this kind of noodles , they feel a little nauseous after eating , so tired and sleepy🙏🎅❤🎅
I will try to forget you because I love you so much .
How many nights like this , tossing and turning , I will not tell you that I am thinking of you , wondering if you are sleeping , whether you are still kicking the quilt when you are sleeping , whether your back hurts ... , whether your feet still hurt , ah dear !
According to my observations over the years , the conduction circuit of the neuroreceptors in the bladder should be connected to the stomach . Because every night , hunger and urination are always accompanied. . .
From Yantai to Taocun high-speed rail station🚅 no one is there , the car is even less seen , and no one is opening the gate at the exit . I am really drunk . I guess Taocun North Station is the most desolate and desolate I have ever seen🚅 , there is no such thing as one
The girl next to me on the bus was watching Black 7 ! happy
When it 's cold , a group of people gather to smoke to keep warm
Tsk tsk , lost in the most proud project , heartbroken
When I came back from Fangchenggang , I could n't buy a high-speed train directly to Pingxiang , and I could n't get a car to Changsha at 2:30 in the morning . My brothers came to Changsha to pick me up from Pingxiang . While moved , I felt a sense of emotion in my heart . I am a person with a normal personality , not afraid of shadows , not afraid of the future . It 's great to have you ! Zhuzhou·Zhuzhou County
The two ppts have not been done yet , so sleepy and sleepy
I 'm so bored I 'm so bored I 've lost sleep
# 无为无无声 # True mother-in-law is too cheap to look at it and it makes me tremble and I am more determined to find a lover who thinks the same as me and that is Dink ! ! ! ! !
I often cried until the end of my body trembling , crying and trembling as I walked , and in the end I couldn ’ t even tell whether it was too cold or too sad . I really want to know how you are doing now . Are you sad , will you think of me ? I am still waiting for you . Saw you yesterday and saw me stiffen up a bit . My pride was gone all of a sudden . I want to hide in the ground . We were so in love before . Have n't you thought about continuing with me ? never wanted to leave you
You can drop your phone if you open the door ! ! And after falling N times , I actually smashed the screen this time and broke my screensaver and desktop .
Eating and drinking too much lately ! so tired ! The autumn fat is too thick !
I 'm fat again , I 'm still crying and blinding myself . If you are so fat , you wo n't be able to see that you are fat and will start a hunger strike tomorrow .
There have been a lot of things happening recently , and I have made a lot of mistakes and omissions in my work .
I 'm unwilling to feel like a fool with this kind of love Thank you and punish me for turning it into a can and being eaten by the Dragon Boat Festival
I hate him so much that he actually robbed me of the oil of darkness . I feel bad for me . That 's why people saved it to buy heroes ! Ca n't beat
On how warm it is to have a good little brother who is still a brother
The more you like someone , the less they will like you . I 've always thought this sentence was right . Because when I like her , I am not like myself .
I just ate with my friends for a month and I have n't seen her lose a lot of weight
I really do n't understand why this woman is mad at me for no reason when I wake up in the morning . I 'm really surprised ! The TM 's told me that I had a dream at night that I bullied her and covered her eyes . It 's obviously Douding pressing your eyes to sleep . Why do you want me to lie down with a gun ! If you want to capture this beautiful woman , you must have good cooking skills ! Must have good cooking skills ! Must have good cooking skills ! Of course that 's me
Let go of memories , let go of obsessions , let go of her , and let go of yourself . If you want to become better in the future , it can still be because of her , not because of her . start a new life .
The phone memory is not enough , so I have to uninstall Weibo and reinstall it back and forth again and again
You always have to take an unknown step before you know that the road is a step by step . Fear and fear will stop you from moving forward . Is it right or not ? tears ] [ tears ]
Shit , EMS is really disgusting , it 's really the worst courier I 've ever seen .
——The sharp edge of the sword of Confucius emerges from the sharpening , and the fragrance of plum blossoms comes from the bitter cold .
It 's too hot to sleep , how can I break it ? Are you going to get up and turn on the air conditioner ? ? ? ! ! !
Do you really think you are a grandma ? Does anyone have to wait for you ? stupid
Work , overtime , socializing , drinking , partying , scarf , American drama , Korean drama , TVB . Life is spinning like this . Today , when you pass by a bookstore , you just plunge into it and harvest two big bags . Is it considered extreme ? Why ! [ shy ] [ shy ] [ shy ]
So sleepy , so sleepy~ The red-blooded girl 's combat power-20 ( ๑´ㅂ ` ๑ )
Fifty percent of the troubles in this world can be solved by getting a good night 's sleep . As for the remaining half , I have to wait until I wake up and then think about it , but I have insomnia😳😳😳
President Zhang Buhua presented a bronze statue to the representatives of relatives of President Tao and President Ma .
A paper has been done five times and it is still not qualified . All the staff are not qualified . I just want to know if this means that the teacher did not explain it clearly .
Insomnia ... my mind is full of subjects two ... pouring the library ... clutching ...
Excessive taxes are harder than tigers , this sentence is justified . Opening a ticket for less than 3000 will cost 600 to pay the tax . My hard work has contributed to the tax , it really hurts
Although I do n't play lol , why do I also see it as Demacia. . .
When I was in the hospital , I kept running on the corridor without getting paid . I complained all day long . Now I sit in the company until my butt numbs and I have nothing to do .
I also served myself . During the lunch break , I drank water . The whole cup was spilled on my body , and my clothes were wet . Although I have asked for leave to go home , but a pile of data has not been completed , I have to take my work home to do it .
I get sick every three or five times , and my constitution is so bad . I blame myself for being so irritable . Lately , I have to get up and play for a while . I have a cold . I have phlegm in my throat . I have a runny nose . It 's really sad that the inflammation is severe and acute bronchitis has to hang the bottle for several days .
3 Advantages of group buying 1 . There are price advantages for customers who do not have much time or some customers with higher requirements ( such customers are less on the forum ) .
Just after watching the entertainment news for a while , Grape 's ability to recognize people also came . I saw Ariel Lin called her sister👧 , Guo Biting called Auntie👩 , Huo Jianhua called Dad ( my husband is not so handsome ) , and Yang Zongwei called Grandpa . Ha ha ! What standard is this based on ?
I remember a long , long , long time ago , when I went to listen to the letter 's concert , I sang the limit of my thoughts on the stage and held your hand off the stage
The time when I am closest to my dream is indeed the time when I am farthest away from you , and the farthest distance is that I can not turn back
Borrow money ? ? ? Go ... idiot , are you familiar with me ? ! I do n't usually contact , and when I contact you , I borrow money ... Meninges
Just ask me what kind of bear heart and leopard gall I ate . I actually want to apply for such a good medical school for the postgraduate entrance examination .
Withdrawing money from the ATM machine , one of these came out , and I put it in again , but after trying several times , I couldn ’ t deposit it .
Tian Chengfang takes into account the martial arts of Hanshouting Hou Guan Yunchang , the wisdom of Wuxiang Hou Zhuge Liang , the overall situation of Jiangdong advisor Lu Zijing , and the passion and pride of Gan Ning , the thief of Jinfan .
A few people ca n't open the door with a key🚪 are locked outside the door ... cold
It 's so powerful , this rhythm is very curious .
I stood in the middle of the road , not knowing where to go . . . .
Sometimes I wonder if it is because I am not expressive enough that it is difficult to communicate with others . Or did someone else set it up from the very beginning that I was wrong . Therefore , one party thinks that you are very arrogant , and I feel that the other party can not understand it from my point of view . But I also felt unwilling to drown my thoughts like this . I was very happy to share , but everyone is not happy . Am I being too extreme or they do n't know how to understand each other first ?
I have n't read my work emails for a week , and I 'm terrified when I answer a phone call . It 's no wonder that I spend as much money as I earn with such a work attitude .
I was killed by the broken system , I want to sleep , can I not go to work tomorrow ?
The eyeliner and eyeliner are broken , and the yogurt and yogurt are leaking . It 's very grassy .
It was freezing cold and I went to eat a bowl of Guilin rice noodles . After a long journey , I found the key is that it is not very delicious . I am a little disappointed 😔 I really want to eat snail noodles at home .
Public Exam Notes : It 's 10 days before the national exam , it 's too late , too late to listen to yesterday 's class Ouyang 's review method feels full of blood and sprint , let 's work harder
Hate people will never be liked .
Has the No . 18 bus gone to another time and space ? My sister has been waiting for more than half an hour .
In fact , I really know that I will have diarrhea in the middle of the night , and looking in the mirror in the morning will definitely have a swollen face , not to mention running 800 meters ! But thank you so much
Damn , I wanted to post a circle of friends . . . When someone talked to me , I was so frightened that I hurriedly stopped and pretended to fall asleep . It was scary [ bye bye ]
I do n't want to hurt anyone , just because I 'm an idealist , I 've never given up on my past feelings , to love someone is to be with her , to be with someone who does n't love is also torturing each other , I The idea is as simple as that . Even if the cruel reality in the end lets us go our separate ways , I will not regret it , because at least I have worked hard !
I haven ’ t written to you for a long time . I have a lot of things to do recently . I went back to my grandmother ’ s funeral on Friday . The monitor rehearsed the program for them , and the students have something to do with class meetings . I have to be the host , I have to sing at the party , and I have to recite the party . Although I ’ m busy , but Very fulfilling , I hope you will be happy every day , although there will be quarrels when you meet , but I know that you are sad , a girl is in school , it is inevitable to have all kinds of trivial matters , and I am not by your side
Tong 🐶 called me after 4pm last night and we actually talked for ten minutes . I always thought I was in a dream
I 'm dying of nausea , paparazzi , bear stuff , your uncle 's .
It has been three days without water , and my hair has not been washed for four days .
It 's true that others do n't pay attention to how they do it . When it comes to me , it 's full of fire . Why do I have to be so useless , cough ...
Liar , pretending , what a shame , I do n't even know how you did it ! Completely subverted my impression of normal people ! I thought I was very sorry for you , I owed you , I wanted to recover , I wanted to make up for it , and I wanted to cherish . I had no idea you were a total scumbag ! July ! It 's already ambiguous about it ! It 's really tiring to keep pretending to this day ! You are really enough ! I did n't expect this kind of person to meet me
It turns out that not many people in the RR3 post bar have used image output .
It 's almost seven o'clock , and you can only get in at a quarter past nine . It 's so difficult to sell a product .
It 's hard to walk when the wind blows , you let me run 800 !
It was only after I raised a cat that I got a clear understanding of rabies . I feel that there have been too many panics that have made the general public have rabies , but the knowledge has not been popularized four years ago . Weibo , it is necessary to look it up today , I hope everyone can Take a good look , I feel that the difference between Qilu Evening News and Southern Weekend View is 100 xxx newspapers ! It is terrible to use the influence of the media to create panic without scientific evidence . [ angry ]
It ’ s been 14 months in the blink of an eye , a big change has happened at home , and my grandma ’ s illness has relapsed . Mama decided to take me back to my hometown in the Northeast to accompany my grandma to see a doctor , so that my grandma can rest assured and recuperate , but I ’ m really reluctant to let go of Baba ! I thought about it once a week before , but now it takes three months , or even longer ! Really reluctant !
When I saw your post saying that the temperature in the city you are in is cooling down , I really want to say something to take care of yourself and wear more clothes ! Such a sentence appeared in the comment box and deleted it several times , but in the end I did n't have the courage to send it out .
During the physical examination , people with normal blood pressure become those with low blood pressure and those with super healing ability . People have gone from being half disabled to being totally disabled .
It 's really crazy , it 's either the crazy old man upstairs running around yelling or the decoration downstairs . The old man upstairs , you said that you were sick , so you went to Kangle at night to make trouble during the day ! You downstairs said that you have been pretending for a few months , right ? You are pretending to be a palace !
Is Keep 's Brush a new feature ? did n't care
Rose said ; not all flowers represent love . Diamond said . Not all diamonds represent eternity ...
Does the hospital open every year at the end of the year ?
It does n't mean that I am like a rabbit or a VIP . Today , one person said that I looked like a sheep , and another person said that if I feed it , I will become a shepherd dog ...
Often shivered by housewives and rogue old ladies
Go with the flow , but do n't go with the flow , which is probably a rule I wish I could abide by .
I borrowed Prideandprejudice from the library , and I was so happy ... But when I turned around , I met an immortal bitch in the car
Such accumulated years make me more and more greedy ; such as more and more sinking . Until today , I suddenly realized that all my feelings were just a distorted pursuit ; when I typed this text on the computer : I found that all my sadness has always been theft : deception .
Got a lot of excitement today , from Shadow Stealers and my SNSD .
You know , they persuaded me to tell you that if I can ’ t make it , don ’ t contact me again , don ’ t be so unclear , but I know that I am the only one who thinks it ’ s unclear , and the result of making it clear is that I will never contact you again . , I know I ca n't bear it , so I did n't listen to them and tell you clearly , I miss you , I miss you , I do n't know what happened to you and the girl who chased you , and you do n't tell me , it 's true Are you a friend ?
Someone did n't call my sister today , I 'm not happy
Jogging after the snow for the first time , it is really easy to be moved by myself .
I 'm still checking Missorder . I 'm hungry , ca n't do it . Is it early to eat now ?
I 'm lucky to have a good-tempered mother but my mother has a bad-tempered daughter
I once loved the cold wind splashing high in this precious world , endured the long separation of life and dreams , and was bought by work at a low price . I have also seen kindness go through a lot of hardships , evil walks and find a way , understand that it is the most common thing to fall ill and dream , but when you talk about what you love , you are full of enthusiasm and indifferent . Now I know me from the beginning , but I 'm just smoking , drinking , and being worldly .
Look at our praise ! I 'm sorry ! [ shy ] [ shy ]
When you really want to smoke a cigarette , but you have searched all over the place , who has experienced the feeling of loss that is not there !
Ahhh , I have a lot of fun on my head too ! ! It 's just that I 'm still cheap and like to pick it up .
I always feel that I am living a good life now , that my life is in good order , and that many things can be self-satisfied , but when many things are too timid and frightening for a woman , you will find that you ca n't do anything . I can only choose to move forward , not backward , because there is really no way back , how can I fall ? There was no one behind me . Tianjin·Wangdingdi
It 's raining again ... how come it does n't stop ...
Early in the morning , I was bitten by a mad mother . In fact , I wanted to bite it back , but I was afraid of rabies . forget it !
Today , I went out with a small portable satchel on my back . First , I was said to be selling tickets on the bus , and then I was selling vegetables on the street ! Awesome ! ( If you want to free your hands , why is it so hard to be free ! )
I bought a cup of matcha milk cap and just went out , I accidentally fell to the ground and looked at the ice cubes and milk cap that spilled all over the floor . I was so wronged that I wanted to cry .
I still firmly believe that , one day , education will reward those educators who work diligently , conscientiously , study academically , and sincerely pay for the students , so that they will not feel wronged and will not walk on thin ice .
I ca n't help but complain about the wretched white coat of a certain clinic ! For sore throat , let me prescribe some medicine Nima for 55 yuan ! ? The most cowardly thing I wiped was that I saw a book on his desk ! ! ! `` STD Graphical Knowledge '' Graphics ! Diagram ! Old wretched ! Did you take the mistress of our medicine wallet ? ?
90 % of people get this question wrong ? ! is that true ? !
# SkydiveWanaka # finally completed a 15,000-foot jump ✔️ I thought I would be scared , but I turned out to be calm throughout the whole process . Those who want to try it must not hesitate , it is not scary to take a pirate ship . There was no other reaction except the ear pain during free fall . At this time , I am very grateful for the way to remove earache and tinnitus from Abi during diving . I think I will dance again [ naughty ] ~SkydiveWanaka # finally completed a 15,000-foot jump ✔️ I thought I would be scared , but I turned out to be calm throughout the whole process . Those who want to try it must not hesitate , it is not scary to take a pirate ship . There was no other reaction except the ear pain during free fall . At this time , I am very grateful for the way to remove earache and tinnitus from Abi during diving . I think I will dance again [ naughty ] ~
Because no one cares , so there is no burden , this song is not only of commemorative value
I 'm going to move , my parents say I look fat , but the truth is I 'm really fat
Sleepy for a while , waking up for a while , headache for a while , suffering all night
Time is really a butcher knife ! ! Suddenly became popular and saw that Wang Yuexin has become a father , my God ! ! ! I 've always been the little kid I remember .
A biased girl like me is so tired trying to make a row sit like a row
Well worth the 5km run last night ! Finally got a good night 's sleep , so excited ! ! ! Tossing and turning in sleepless nights is really painful ! correct . I 'm getting ready to run a marathon next month ! But I guess I can only participate in a mini marathon . But also to run 6.5 kilometers . I do n't know if I can hold on
I have n't watched the national football team for many years , why ca n't even the Hong Kong team play now ?
I have been here a few times to quietly taste your buns , the long-lasting bitterness or fragrance , a pot of old wine , a bowl of stewed vegetables Putting a layer of pure white fragrant wine into the wine glass is hot and the heart is boiling hot
Damn , there are too many reports in the past two days , staring at the computer all day long , my cervical spine is hurting to death .
It was raining all the time , nowhere to go , so I had to stay at home
[ High school student brought his 15-year-old girlfriend home to live together and was raped by his own father
Damn , it 's been just 2 days since I was allergic , and I 'm allergic again . You are paralyzed , what the hell . Every three days like this
Sunshine➕Beach➕Waves➕Stinky Feet😄 Hahaha…
Sometimes , we live very tired , not because our life is too mean , but because we are too easily infected by the atmosphere of the outside world and influenced by the emotions of others . Walking in the crowd , we always feel that there are countless piercing eyes , and there are many short-term and long-lasting cold words . In the end , our minds are confused , and we are gradually tied in the mess we weave . In fact , you live for yourself , and not many people can keep you in their hearts .
A soil-eating girl who is going to run to and from home in the near future , not much , 400 is enough for me to go back and forth
Did League of Legends blow up today ! ! If you ca n't get in for a long time , as soon as you get in , you will find various positions and errors . You ca n't form a team .
There is such a person in everyone 's heart , who is no longer a lover or a friend . As time passes , it does n't matter whether you like it or not , you will always be accustomed to think of you . Then hope you are all well .
[ A woman hides a live spider in her ear canal and was maddened by the hospital inspection ] Ms. Li in Changsha recently felt a little itchy in her left ear canal , as if there was a foreign body in her ear , and the sense of foreign body became more and more obvious . On the morning of the 8th , Ms. Li went to the Department of Otolaryngology and Head and Neck Surgery of Changsha Central Hospital . The doctor was surprised to find that there was a spider in Ms. Li 's left ear canal !
Today 's play is in the elementary school in the mountains~ The children keep asking us when we will go again , and they write us a small note and ask for a phone number . They are all cute children . Many parents are not around . There are very few teachers in the school . They need love very much .
The shemale picture shared by my second sister who lives in Thailand ( ⊙o⊙ ) ! I would say that not every ladyboy is beautiful !
He is often subjected to `` brute force attacks '' by Xanxus .
Daye dialect , Ezhou dialect , and Xianning dialect are actually the same
The quality of sleep is very poor recently , and I always dream that some people want to murder Ben Gong !
Everyone around me is the same . The meaning of a friend is not that simple . If you can live in harmony , you can get along . If you can ’ t , you can explain it completely . Don ’ t sully the word friend . Open and bright , go or not , go or stay
A bus station in the UK : Just waiting for a bus , do n't use this . .
347 . Foreign media are always foresight . European and American stock markets rose sharply tonight . Could it be related to this news ?
When I had to stop practicing word single-item questions because of difficulties , and then I learned that the test was 85 to be useful , and then the single-item two questions were 20 , I felt that the whole world was dark , and I worked hard to study and practice by myself for more than a month . Is it going to be a waste of level 2 ?
I ca n't hold back my excitement for the games tomorrow. . . . . . ( Thinking that this 'disgusting ' school actually has a sports meeting )
Hurry up and send it to Weibo while the phone is not sick . Now 📱 is my boss is always ready to turn off the blue screen in the next second . I must persist until the weekend when the two ppts are finished and come again . Day by day with trepidation
It 's been a long time since I fell in love ... After chatting with Tmall sellers about commodity prices for two nights , I still feel tempted .
When I got home , there were several bloody shoe prints at the elevator door . My brain made up a blockbuster suspense horror and murder . When I got home , I felt terrible . I locked the door and was still scared . Well , I don ’ t have to sleep tonight~~~
My daughter wants to drink orange juice at night , but my grandfather requisitioned the juicer at home , so I manually used the juicer on the lemon cup , and my hands were sore . It was just such a bowl . Sister You finished two mouthfuls , and handed me the bowl . Say mom brush it ! I seem to see my life for the next 50 years l
Those who have given me so much warmth I see you in winter with your scarf
I 'm in the shower , the courier has been knocking and beating .
The girl 's heart exploded at the moment when Jerry Jerry , who even had the same hairstyle as the original Daoming Temple , appeared ! # My Girls Generation # 💃💃
Some things really do n't have to be taken too seriously . Remind yourself again that all you need to do now is work hard , save money , be filial to your parents , and try to be better .
In the future , why do you want to say anything ?
I took the LZ exam in the 40s , what happened ? I bought a watch last year
The jar of cat food that I went to the yard to feed the pythons at night was actually empty ! ! ! ! Did the python learn to open cans ?
Sometimes I feel like I 'm not doing well . . . Why is my life always so disturbing really ! ! !
In the middle of the night , I saw two mosquitoes combined on the glass of the bedroom. . Ten thousand grass and mud horses roared past in my heart . . . Thinking , another bunch of mosquitoes will be born next year. . The spider outside the window really raised you in vain , how does it work ? .
I often see some kind of boyfriend 's high po , every time I see it , I think bah . I 've never done it x
After watching which video , I was nauseous for 2 days and still dark , relying on
Spicy chicken asxs cloud , all the things saved 5 years ago are gone , and the pharmacy face is still required to renew
I am old with white hair ! Youth is no more , Ru Zhihu ... Years will be weak and not a boy . If you ca n't study and become famous , you ca n't be a husband ! ——Yu Liangbi
Is there really going to be a third world war ?
Only the brighter future has no time to look back to the past
youcanyouupnocannobb
Sure enough , when winter comes , I want to take the dog directly .
So it does n't matter , anyway , I ca n't pretend to be an adult to sleep
`` GavinwasrunningallaroundNYCbraggingabouthisrelationshipwithBoyGeorgeandhavingsexwithhim.ButafterBoyGeorgefoundoutthatGavinwasspreadinghisbusinessallovertown , hecuthimoff. '' What. . . . . . Gloomy face . RadarOnline stuff is dubious , but still. . .
It 's scary for a woman to have her period . Not only did I feel uncomfortable when I came , I felt unwell before I came , and I had a big appetite ( meaning it would quickly gain weight ) , and the most important thing is ... the negative emotions are going to explode
In the morning , my mother-in-law asked about your birthday tomorrow . Let 's go out to eat . In the afternoon , my husband brought back this birthday present that he said to me . Have you really forgotten that having kids is like this ?
Men like thin legs and a good figure , but is this kind of woman reliable , just like boys who like to pretend to be handsome , will they not be reliable in the future ?
Nima thinks I 'm drinking too much ? A standard cup is good ! ! !
In addition , they often upload unauthorized software onto the web for web users to download from the web .
Is n't love what makes people love and hate but ca n't let go ...
11.17 am . I really still have a lot of problems , and I have become the kind of person I hate . Well , trying to keep the focus ... Also , I was dizzy and sleepy today , I slept for a while after dinner , and I almost overslept ...
I cheated on the physical fitness test and caught it to run again . I knew this earlier , why bother
Shit , I changed my name again , and I deleted the profile for me , I forgot what I originally wrote
Finally finished it😁Sleep😪It ’ s been so long , why hasn ’ t it withered ? 😘😘 Still alive and well😒
Today 's big young man , your hand speed is really fast , did n't your parents tell you not to grab the ticket home with the old aunt , the old aunt wants to go home ! go home ! go home !
There is so much homework that I am afraid to write it directly ! !
Busy everyday is to uphold the mentality of being responsible for every customer ! There are too many in this line of business now , there are formal and informal everywhere , every customer chooses me to trust , thank you my darlings
The dumplings on the first floor of the three canteens sell for 9 yuan , and they will be fried .
# easyshifting # Shopping with my girlfriend , she suddenly asked : `` Who is in good shape between me and your ex-girlfriend ? '' I was hesitating , and suddenly a voice behind me replied : `` Hello ! '' We turned back in horror , it was a strange man , He seemed to be frightened by our expressions , and said in a trembling voice , `` Hello , may I ask how to get to Renmin Road . ''
Forgetting has a harp , with which memory plays silent sorrow ! The world makes me bruised all over ! But what grew out of the wound were wings ... the darkness that hit me ... made me brighter ...
I pretended to answer your question lightly . There are some things that I do n't want to tell you , but I dare not tell you
Originally wanted to take a picture of the finger pierced by the orange thorn , but found that the camera was messed up with a rabbit wandering around 😂😂 # MyLop Rabbit # In addition to wandering around all day , I just lay in the cage and eat grass😂😂 eat ...
[ Diamond ] TST new store opening scene [ flame ] [ flame ] [ flame ] Anyway , I was stunned [ horrified ] [ horrified ] This dense crowd has committed intensive phobia~ It can only be said that there are more and more TST beneficiaries ! ! Video in seconds .
Ai Mai , the railway hospital does not make movies or TV dramas . I do n't know what it is filming , but the hospital brand has been changed to `` Binhai City Hospital ''
When I think about going to work in that department , my heart is blocked . It 's disgusting , hypocritical and stupid . I 've always been very happy . When I think of this , I feel depressed . It 's really annoying to work with people with big differences in values ​​and personality .
When I was in school , I heard people say that only when I came into contact with the society did I know how dirty the society was . After I graduated for a long time , I did n't feel how dirty the society was . It 's just how shameful it is to see human nature in this garbage fan circle . I did n't expect it . There are many people who do one set and one set . How cool will it be to install this indifferent force on Weibo ? ?
On a cold morning , the baby was taken by a person I did not know in an electric car to the conference room near RT-Mart to participate in a speech contest . There is wood and it feels very strange
I do n't care about this kind of thing , I can do it myself
Insomnia ! ! ! can not fall asleep ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Obviously he looks good . Why is the photo taken , it 's so ugly
How can I approve the production of this version , I ca n't tell the difference between real and fake money , the key is so ugly
Try again , the mobile phone I just bought was stolen in Wudaokou , I have to buy a mobile phone in installments and pay off a mobile phone loan of 1000
I did n't succeed in my apprenticeship ... I twisted my knee before I went out , and the synovitis came again
The first snow in 2015 was not as happy as I imagined ...
What 's so special , the people whose eyes dance every day are hazy with tears , how much money is coming ?
You took me to eat Zhang Liang , and pulled the chicken nuggets , bacon and sausages into my bowl . Always laugh at me as a little pig , and I always ask you to eat this and that . . . Now I 'm losing weight
It 's an understatement to spell other things in the place where the coolie is supposed to work .
I 'm ready to spend a lifetime with you , and I 'm ready to leave at any time . This is probably the best view of love , affectionate and not entangled . But it 's too difficult .
Donations to the church of millions and tens of millions have photos , and it is best to donate hundreds of dollars to songs ! ! Shameless and indecent ! !
Come in a hurry and go in a hurry , only the food ca n't live up to it
Confused at this time , I have been confused for a long time about what job I should really do , and many times I do some work that I do n't like because of the compulsion of life . I really do n't know what to do now ... ? Confused and beginning to wonder how to go on in a slow life
Yu Zong 's seven sinister briefs are over , I ca n't bear to read it , so I will scan other texts first , but the other texts are not right and I will give up all of them . But Yu Zong 's text is gone after reading it . I burst into tears .
It 's true that others do n't pay attention to how they do it . When it comes to me , it 's full of fire . Why do I have to be so useless , cough ...
Pulling you to accompany me to chat until now is really wronging you , the days will be long , you have to adapt slowly
It 's either this vote or that vote every day . If you have time to spare , you might as well go and do a better job at the college .
After sleeping for a day , why does the upper eyelid keep fighting with the lower eyelid ? ?
Now Taobao does n't call it `` Pro '' instead of `` Master '' ?
No wonder girls liked me when I was so ugly . It turned out that I ate Shandong garlic every day ! Well , I may not dare to eat it now .
@ bingxian I TM what did I do wrong , it 's really a day and a day to be dragged like this every time !
Next door ... you ... that 's enough ... beasts !
The revision of the mobile phone Sina.com was too bad , so I had to give up ! I think it must have lost a lot of users . Bad user experience . The revision also changed the wool . Bad review !
I never found out that those emojis are actually my Xueyou brother ? ,
Why meeting you makes me so heartbroken
I just love the feeling of being liked by you ! ... Damn , those who say this are bastards
This pot of begonia stayed in the office for several days , and I always thought it was fake . Today , the boss said , `` This begonia is quite beautiful ! '' I replied , `` It 's very beautiful , but unfortunately it 's fake '' ~ I was finally told~ This flower is real , it is real
That'senough ! I did n't listen to you as a grudge every day !
Old friends do n't understand your new situation New friends do n't understand your old temper
Maybe girls really do n't know how much this hurts boys ! The boy was wondering if she really loved someone ! This feeling can only be experienced by those who have truly loved it ! Boys have never forgotten girls , even if they are thousands of miles apart !
Is it that much like an aunt ? Is it there ? Is it there ?
Look what Taiwan is doing under the guise of democracy !
After watching the finale , the whole person is not good . The screenwriter and the later stage are not distracted . The drama that I chased only by watching the CP feeling . The crying scene of the ghost girl at the end is very touching , but when the narration came out , it was like a beep🐶 There are no ghosts in the lower part . Niu , wait for Anhui Taiwan to release the uncut version
He watched over and over again the video of the time of his accident . Seeing his stupefied figure in the flames ... Seeing his trembling body from being too hot , watching him protect the girl in his arms ; seeing him now lying on the hospital bed covered in bandages , seeing someone speak ill of him Regardless of the image , he scolded back : now he is outside the ward , and he must know what is inside ; he quietly left the word Mingyu on the window of the ward ; turn around and leave !
I 'm really sorry for so many pig head meat . In a year , every three or five times , I actually fed pigs . I really want to strangle you .
What the hell was going on all the time at noon , our small class was supposed to sleep well , but it was crazy to have to bring in some naughty ghosts from the big class to come to sleep in our class !
He said , `` Get used to discussing problems with each other , and when you enter the society , you find that there is no one to discuss with you .
Damn it , my boss said let 's do it for another noon , help him account for the computer , if he does n't get up , I 'm drunk too
So I 'm doomed that I ca n't be a businessman in my life .
No matter how gloomy the night is , when the sky is bright , it is a new beginning .
Why did the hat turn green . Fortunately , I just tried it .
who do you think You Are . Just like you , , , , I am also drunk !
Is it really okay to torture me like this ? Why do n't I test any of the questions I 've memorized ? I 'm happy
# linthersay # Before , he never said good night to me , even if every time I sent good night , he would only return `` Bye '' . Today , he took the initiative to say `` good night '' , I was shocked , and I wondered if I was thinking too much .
In addition , what scares me more is that my IQ is limited , and some things I may not understand in my life , but some people can easily understand . It 's like watching a fruit that ca n't be reached easily by others . And there are obviously a lot of fruits there , I can see them but I ca n't reach them for a lifetime . It 's scary to think about . It is useless to be unwilling , why am I not a genius .
The mobile phone dropped 300 after 12 days of buying it . What about your mobile phone feelings ?
Why did the teacher ask me when he saw my desktop : `` Do you usually play games ? ''
Cotton thriving ? Ca n't see the situation of the clothing industry ?
Recently , when I was chasing the Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Cao Cao wanted to assassinate Dong Zhuo . At a critical moment , Lu Bu suddenly came in . Cao Cao turned to kneel and offered his treasured saber . His head was sweating .
From listening to `` callmemabye '' to now , I watched the MV of the song for the first time today . It was very beautiful . The heroine was very small and fresh , and the male protagonist was very sunny and handsome , but the final result was : such a charming and beautiful male protagonist , The object of his callmemabye turned out to be the guitarist of the band , and he liked men .
It 's really a big fire , I 've done it all over again , I 've done it for nothing , I 've done it again , and it 's garbled to break the system . Can you stop making trouble ?
It seems that I have been banned again , what do you think , is my vip free ?
Finally ... it used to be on it 😂👆 Adagio is like a lullaby , Dou said he played faster than she counted the money
I feel bad , I need music to calm my restless heart ! 😖😖😖
Chunjun is also playing the rhythm of touken ?
I just want to say that some people do n't know what human touch is at all . Since you do n't understand human touch and you are wasting your time as a human being , then I do n't need to treat you as a human being .
Why do you like to come here at noon ? Can you also let us take a break from lunch break ?
I wrote something to recommend to others tonight , and there are elective courses . The physics experiment data to be handed in tomorrow night has not yet been processed . I have to take the comprehensive transportation test on Saturday , and I didn ’ t review it . It happened to be the day of the physics demonstration experiment . Monthly exam for level 4 , I don ’ t remember English very much , I can ’ t listen to the class , I stopped running for half a month , although I have been exercising , but I started eating at night , and the negative energy is bursting , it ’ s really bad
If you have too much free time , you will think wildly , which will awaken the hesitation in your heart .
The plan is always changing , when will you let me catch up with you ! ! ! !
I just found out that I have a friend who is rich second generation plus official second generation plus red second generation
A lullaby to get a foodie , that 's a god
The community has banned trash cans . In the future , there will be no uncle to clean up the trash can twice a day . I miss the uncle who collects the garbage so much .
Why is the difference between the two classes so big ?
It ’ s cloudy and rainy , and I ’ m chasing my feet with soreness , I don ’ t like it
It 's always been busy until now , but it 's really comfortable to sleep after soaking my feet . I dreamed of Erfei last night . I miss you very much . You who grew up with me should be good over there .
After reading many reports , there are suspicions of implanted advertisements , can Westerners do it ?
Fat , fat , fat , how can you not be tempted by delicious food . really fat
Oh my god , fortunately , not only do I not soak my feet , but I never wash my feet and soaking them quickly would be overwhelming .
If you send the message to someone who ca n't accept it , it can be very direct and do n't have to be so entangled .
The moon is cold in the middle of the night , and it is even more neglected to wait for the dawn . Suddenly awakened in the dream , returning to the world .
The network is gone again , the traffic is hanging again , and it is about to collapse .
Damn TB pit father unscrupulous business ! Even if you earn black money , you are not afraid of being struck by lightning ! No matter how you say it ! I ca n't be mad !
In this way , my tangle and pain for three months have passed . When I look back , I still have lingering fears . The journey was hard , and I finally got what I wanted . Although I didn ’ t get what I wanted , I did my best . I was worthy of my hard work , but I learned a lesson . This is a reference for the future , and we are willing to make persistent efforts !
Hearing `` Do n't say goodbye '' in my ears , I thought of Wuhan in May and June . The air was humid and people were panicking . Too many people wanted to leave . I thought that the two years in Wuhan were the most free , and I thought of Lulu and Hei Xueba ...
@ 元罗fover Jingqi said : `` You are crooked ! '' I did n't react : `` Ah ? '' Then I followed the direction she pointed , and it turned out to be the moon
October has only just begun , and three major events have already been booked for 2017 . In Japan , we seem to be accustomed to all arrangements in advance . It seems that the plan makes our life colorful and orderly , but sometimes there is a little hesitation to think about whether it is really good . Rolled little fear .
As soon as I got back to my bedroom , I started making ppts ! I was about to collapse ! The idea in my head is so good , why ca n't it be done ! First , it was a technical problem . After three or four hours of solving it , I could n't find a suitable picture ! I 'm really tired ! The acne is all over my face . Tomorrow I will make a ppt even if I do n't eat , drink or sleep ! I 'm asking if anyone has a cartoon picture with obvious features of eyes , nose , mouth , ears , and hair🙏🙏
`` Little Lolita 's Uncle Monkey God '' The moment the door of the national border opens , all religious and national conflicts stand aside . Emotions regardless of national borders are particularly touching movies .
The smell of earth in the world is terrible and scary . I don ’ t want to get married when I see this kind of thing , but according to the principle of what kind of garbage goes with what kind of trash can , I don ’ t think it ’ s possible for me to marry such a person , but I ’ m still very shocked . I ’ m going to see the money and poverty Weibo for relief . a bit
White swan ( pirate flag ) attack ... next time wo n't get Iskander or even poplar out ...
Now I do n't have the face to tell others that I 'm a Rockets fan ! ! ! . . . 😞
Can you only spend the night in the toilet ? tummy trouble tummy tummy big night
This must be EXO 's special barbecue restaurant , no need for one or two advertisements , 😭 I do n't envy at all
Happy first birthday after eating golden pineapple ! Broken sleep ! good night birds
The more I see , the bigger my heart , I don ’ t cherish the good , the bad is reluctant to give up , the contradictions are tangled , I feel that nothing can move me , how can I become so cruel 😔 I am so disappointed in myself , I will never return to the original me span
lose weight , , , lose weight , ? ( Ca n't eat any more , dead fat man )
[ Travel Log ] When people are on the road , the truth is often simple and clear , but because the mind is blinded by dust , the simple truth becomes complicated . Overwhelmed . In `` Li Sao '' , Qu Yuan sighed : `` The road is long and it 's a long way to go . I will go up and down to seek . '' The world is too big and life is too short . If you do n't direct yourself well , how can you understand the meaning of life ?
She fell asleep at 8 o'clock in the evening , feeling like she had slept for a century , her mother opened her eyes only at 12 o'clock , she could n't fall asleep
I 'm going~ The tricks of the liar are too clever , you talk to me about the law , you still do n't know what I do , be careful , I warn you , do n't provoke me ( be careful , do n't be fooled )
I worked so hard that I forgot the time to eat . Now my stomach is rumbling , I can only come out for food
It 's been a while since I met some sb recently .
As the so-called `` ten fingers go back to the heart '' , who can feel the feeling of these N+1 grass-mud horses galloping ?
The girl who ca n't even afford the soil just wants 1,500 yuan to pay back the flower-.-
Do you think I am willing to work hard ?
Copying another person , copying all the characters without emotion and memory , looking at the past self with contempt , and me
If a person sees and understands his own situation , he can only bear it . Even if there is a kind of fear in his heart , he must bear it and return to his own mission in the face of the bleak , the fear of darkness and claustrophobia . Sorrow with bones , that equates to a form of self-restraint .
Worst day ever ! Change shifts ! You have the ability to buy a car ! Every time I run errands ! Or take a detour ! I feel bad every time I change shifts ! Acting like I take it for granted !
Why do I watch hometown snacks in the middle of the night ... Now I 'm hungry and homesick
why go out without a key why go out without a key why go out without a key
It turns out that the downstairs decoration is not for occupancy but for sale
Is this the same foot , how can it change so much ?
Getting up is really a difficult thing . Originally , there is nothing to review for the translation test , but this time I have to test the characters in the history of Chinese and foreign translation . There are so many characters in the whole book . In fact , I do n't know which three I will take the test , but I really wo n't be willing to give up the 30 points and continue to endorse , maybe I will be bet ...
I wrote a long log just now . The content is very exciting . When I clicked to send , I was numb and owed ... I clicked wrong ... No more .
Go a little further if you want to go . I am not afraid that you will gain new happiness from others , but I am afraid that you will come back again .
Negative energy is bursting , it feels like it 's going to explode
Huo Da ~ Huo Da ~ a wonderful flower . If you have a bad attitude , do you need others to treat you well ?
I originally planned to adjust the jet lag and the fuckin came to wake me up and wake me up to get something to eat and then he fell asleep after I finished eating .
Talk to me , talk to me , talk to me , can you die ?
When it rains , you ca n't hit the car , you ca n't squeeze into the bus , you can carry a lot of things , and you will die if you drop your mother 's eggs while walking
I 'm helpless , the boss of the paper media , he 's been ignoring him since he entered the door
Being with true love is all kinds of weird , how to be comfortable !
Seeing you lying in your arms , I ca n't help but think of the scene when you first came to me , you are less than two months old . The pet store makes you walk on the ground while calling you for fear that you will run away and follow you for fear that you will be in trouble , just laughing with you all the way , it feels really funny , and it attracts attention wherever you go , I went to the pet store I just found out that you 're too young to go out ... it 's nice to have you
I remember when I was a child , my parents always urged us to go to bed at eight or nine o ’ clock before the TV series was finished . Then when we were young , we couldn ’ t disobey our parents because we were afraid , even if we didn ’ t want to . Go to bed obediently and close your eyes . This sleep , there are no nightmares , no missing people , no pillow wet with tears , but those days will never go back .
Stupid , am I accustomed to you , or just call you in the face ?
Want to cut short hair and want to grow long hair , women are really contradictory organisms 😔😔
This class is going crazy wuliaohehe
I just found out today that my family sells toothpaste
I was so sleepy and sober all of a sudden , what'sthefuck !
I 'm '69 , '69 , '69 . Say it three times . The leaders also called my junior and senior brothers a senior , and made me a youth committee member ... The youth committee member who said that the good youth committee should be at least 70 years old is not good ... Young people actually have such a disadvantage ! speechless ...
This semester , I have been taking naps countless times in a row and woke up naturally by the smell of Chinese medicine boiled by my roommates . Although I and you are strangers , I still hope that you can quickly cure your sick mother . I really will be smoked to death ! three times a day ! one day ! three times !
If I am affected by irrelevant people or things , I will die !
It 's so good , when I 'm afraid of going to the toilet alone , there happens to be one person who has n't slept yet , and then I can go to the toilet with confidence ! Let me have fun ... do n't hit me , it 's my truth !
I 'm stupid , I 'm stupid , I 'm stupid , I 'm stupid ! ! ! Put a good grade one company , do n't just want grade two , please give me a knife , I really want to cut my abdomen in minutes .
Oh my god , are you kidding me ? Zhuhai failed for the third time in winter to provide heating and cooling .
I do n't know why my teeth hurt so much recently .
Philippine President Aquino put his other hand in his pocket when shaking hands with Wang Yi . Small piece of land , when we become stronger , rest assured we will find it back
Ca n't fall asleep past bedtime . First time insomnia in such a long time !
Some people lose often not to others but to their own mood !
I 'm in a very unhappy mood today . What are the meanings ? Whether I am a ball or a dish , I can be arranged at will . Change it , you can replace it with a little girl who has been teaching for two years soon after graduation . I have been exercising myself for nearly eight years .
During the afternoon nap , I dreamed that I was a straight man and was accompanied by a beautiful girlfriend studying abroad , and my life was very good . We only have each other in our hearts . Even though her family is rich and I am poor , she will never leave me , which makes me very happy ! Unprecedented happiness ! Suddenly a loud noise woke me up ! ! !
There will be a period of low mood every three to five , and I ca n't say why . . . I always feel so empty and insecure
Apple mobile phones are also becoming more and more rubbish mobile phones ... Hot , stuck , dead and indirect cards are all commonplace , and now I ca n't hear the other party 's voice when I make a call
After watching politics for half an hour , I still have n't slowed down ...
Whether it 's a white lie or what , once there are lies , there are thousands of lies . i ca n't take it
What should I do ? My sister asked me what I was doing . I was fumbling in the bed alone . Then I hid in the bathroom . Then my brother said he was going to take a shower . Then I went out and shouted at the door .
Why ca n't I fall asleep ! Did you drink too much tea ?
Damn , how do you survive this kind of person , do n't you feel ashamed of your behavior , how did you get rid of it at that time ?
Only now I understand a problem : you text your parents , and they do n't reply to you , you generally do n't panic . If you text your partner and the partner does n't respond to you , you may panic . Why ? The root cause is that you are sure that your parents love you , but you are not sure whether your partner loves you or not . The longer the love is , the more boring it is , but the parent 's kindness is the opposite .
Last night , I dreamed about a night of love with Azu , and woke up and felt that I had no regrets in this life .
I feel dissatisfied with my work every day , and I 'm going to collapse if I hold on like this for 3 months .
Learn to use a strong heart ... let the past pass , let the future come , the real end of life is the end of hope ! The pride of a goshawk is its wings to fly . The meaning of life is constant pursuit ! Do n't wait until you miss it to regret it : do n't wait until you 're old to miss it , time is gone forever ... seize every moment . No matter how hard or tired you are , you have to work hard to fly !
I bought some roadside stalls to eat last night ... I woke up this morning and felt sick ... I felt sick ... But I could n't vomit ... I did n't eat anything at noon ... I threw up a little water ... 😖 I ate a pork bun in the morning ... but Now I just want to vomit but I ca n't vomit out ... I 'm sick
It 's still such an obvious wound , do n't show it in high-definition , I 'm afraid it will hurt to watch it
It seems that there is a band by the pillow , and the ear is about to be pregnant .
Sore throat , sneezing , and walking outside for so long , probably because of the rhythm of getting a cold .
Here 's a report : There are so many tables in the library , but we have the most weird ones , one with his mouth chatting like a shrew , one playing game 📱 The person who brings the table shakes together , and a male voice comes in and all five people come in . If you want the chair to be attached to the back and the chest to be attached to the table , Nima ~ why is it all our table
Today is a day where I need to control my emotions , and my physical feelings make me easily detonated
Lazy people love it , hang up the chat , add hundreds of millions of experience to the cool , one meal a day can be missed , and Yanmenguan ca n't be missed once !
I played a lot last month , and my body is asking for opinions today even after running 5 kilometers . Could it be that I played badminton yesterday , I hope so
Being ruthlessly harassed by these spam calls every day is enough !
Looking at the wedding dress , the eyes are all spent
The spring breeze of the national second-child policy has finally come , and the holiday regulations of the unit have also come out : there is no breastfeeding leave and the second child is not born by the second mother , so there is no need to breastfeed ? Thinking about the short three-month maternity leave in the unit , thinking that I am not young anymore , and looking at my elderly parents , I don ’ t want to give birth in an instant , is there any ? I ca n't keep up with the holidays , I ca n't keep up with the follow-up protection , I do n't want to give birth , I do n't want to give birth , I do n't want to give birth ( the important thing is to say it three times )
Today I sat in front of the computer 💻 for seven hours , cutting video , typing subtitles Fortunately , the music was cut well at the end , otherwise I really want to smash this batch of computers tonight , and my mother is still suffering from backache
Hearing the crying of the children in other wards from a distance , I 'm so envious~ Except for Huang Xiaorui , who saw the bright red when he was born without glasses , I have never seen him . I stimulated it with a breast pump this morning , but the one on the right actually sucked out . A little bit of colostrum . With such a good immunity , I have no chance to give my family Huang Xiaorui . Little poor is still in the incubator , because the sugar level is unstable and the jaundice level is still high . Mom ca n't eat even if she has milk~
Sure enough , when the negative energy is bursting , the data is also ugly . Do n't want it ... Fortunately , because I went to bed too late last night , I did n't go to the meeting this morning ... Otherwise , I 'm so embarrassed ... The question is , how can this be so bad ? ?
It 's still raining today , should n't it be time to change shifts with snow ?
I have n't been out of the dormitory all the time . When I answered the phone just now , I realized it was raining outside .
This TM is not a good thing ! The bank card is gone again !
My stomach was stunned , and I suddenly wanted a cup of ginger milk .
I just want to say , Nima , you are that bastard , it is better to give money than to give flowers . I have a crush on me doing this .
Why ca n't you bow your head to reality , why you see things too clearly , why ca n't you pretend to be confused , why do you have so many desires ! The mentality is too bad , face the wall and think about it , quit drinking and meat for three days ! Nima !
When I arrived in Shaoshan , I felt motion sickness , I felt sick , and my face was very bad after training .
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the things you fear and overcome your fears time and time again to reach your goals
I do n't want to listen to `` try my best '' , I want results .
I do n't know why , I heard other teachers say why you are not good , why do you feel that you are not good , in addition to the negative impact on me , there is more distress , but the feeling you bring me is not like that , , , Is it because I trust you too much , or I do n't know you very well ,
The work is not serious and full of mistakes , I just want to say that I sold a ben last year .
A certain pass in the school district returned the goods of Vipshop twice , and then called the courier , he actually called my name directly
God , it turns out that Wang Yuan is so scheming , he has to re-record a dozen times to cheer for his teammates
In order to avoid the number limit , I ran out before 7:00 , but I was blocked in the road for a while , and it was 7:10 when I got on the second ring road .
After working all night , I finally debugged the bug . This time I catch up with the expected progress and I should be able to get it done before the dead end . I can finally go to bed and be a corpse . I almost thought I was going to stay up all night_ ( ´ཀL ` 」∠ )
Uncle Police , please take this man away for me . I finally took a day off , but he would n't let me sleep in ! ! ! ! ! ! It was the news that really woke me up , the exploitation of labor ! ! !
I always thought you were stupid , but you are so stupid
what ! All fucking learned ! Smoke ! Self-study courses sit and wait for tomorrow to ask for no pits~
As I get older , my health is really not good . I have n't caught a cold in the past two or three years . It 's just winter this year , and I 've caught a cold N times .
I hope that all those who oppose my master will die soon and die soon .
Ca n't sleep at night ... The pressure can be great , but there is no way to solve it . When the morning comes , I still need to persevere like a beast , persevere , persevere
This game is too TMD suffocating , let 's just lose !
A pile of materials to write , this is to drown me in the sea of ​​words
Today , my mother wanted to take a selfie with me and my phone accidentally hit my father , so I was so angry and my mom felt guilty
CrossFit women 's all-around thirteen shocks
Walking alone , sleeping alone , thinking alone , intoxicated , busy , tired , irritable , alone # moviebadass must die #
To my surprise today , I posted a circle of friends on my birthday , and it was overwhelmed with likes and comments , so much that I was a little embarrassed to occupy everyone 's screen , and suddenly realized that so many people care about you , what do we have Reasons not to love life , not to love the world ?
Wuhan , a large township , when you can stop raining , you can ’ t wait for it to stop and go . It will take a month before and after , and people will be moldy .
I have been on the road , I think we will meet again , even if the road is wild , even if we are thousands of mountains and rivers
What kind of hatred does Ji Zhuang and Xiao Zheng have , how much hatred , how much hatred , can they call Nankai University and ask for Xiao Zheng to be expelled from his doctoral degree ?
When we went to the new house to install lights , we suddenly found that our lake view was blocked by the newly built high-rise buildings in front of us , and we could no longer see our beautiful Qianmu Lake .
It 's 32 degrees 🌻🌻🌞🌞 it 's too hot 🙏 I went for a meal and walked ( the car was ridden by my sister ) It was so hot that my armpits were sweating
I was afraid of cold and dark days before , especially I did n't like winter nights . I only had to wait and pass the time . In fact , winter is the most profound of the four seasons , and many things can be done when it is dark . Dress up when it 's cold , turn on the lights when it 's dark , do what you like to do while you wait , no longer waste your time , and no longer live up to yourself . Guangzhou is 23 degrees , I like this temperature very much , and the night view is also very beautiful
This girl can sleep . Wake up and have a small stove . You know it 's very warm outside today .
The dream last night was terrible . I did n't take good care of a child in the garden . She fell to her death and her body was lying on the road . I cried so badly that I was going to jail . It took a long time to realize that this was a realistic dream , and I did n't sleep well .
I do n't want to do any work with HZ anymore ! ! ! ! mentally exhausted
I like a pair of sneakers for 1000 yuan and I ca n't bear to buy them . The game is going to be played on the weekend .
Oh shit . . . After thinking about it I still feel like I have to make sure I can get things done. . .
Early in the morning , the dog that had been raised at home for more than 4 years was dragged away by the dog thief . The family called and said that he was very angry and sad . Tell me to go to the market to find out if I can find it and save it
Share a short-legged doggy who bows his head forty-five degrees in sadness and thinks about life in front of Yuantong Express after Double Eleven
Just finished playing badminton , and now there is one word : `` hot '' , two words : `` so hot '' , three words : `` super hot ''
I 've never slept on my back , I woke up on my back this morning
I , Thomas , just clicked on the clear data of station b and then. . gone. . gone . . . 4G video is gone
I saw two old grandfathers playing chess on the side of the road . I was bored and watched it . I only finished one game . It felt like a long time later , and even the trees next to it were withered . I came back to the Internet to find some songs to listen to , but I didn ’ t know the style .
I really knelt down to eat and vomit . Can I vomit after eating
diarrhea diarrhea diarrhea stomach pain stomach pain stomach pain
I 'm very happy when I drive , but the people in the car are terrified . Sheep Intestine Trail , you have to have more confidence in me ! Hope to concentrate , nervousness will be thin ! It 's been a year and a half since I got my driver 's license . It 's true that a novice is on the road . Please advise !
Feeling more and more of the need to have someone by your side , rather than face it alone during all the time of fear . I will be afraid too .
This tent reminds me of the first time I went camping . It would be really scary to live in the wild with a tent at night ! It is the same even in tourist attractions with many people during the day , not to mention the uninhabited suburbs . I once camped in the suburbs , with a tent from the afternoon to 12 o'clock in the evening , when it rained heavily , the radius of 5 kilometers was all mountains , only broken houses . ... As a result , we did n't hold on , we were scared to pee , and we escaped [ sick ] , really , we were heartbroken !
I am reluctant , so I have no way out here , and it is impossible to give up .
There are some things that I ca n't say . It does n't matter how naive I am and how stingy I am . The key is that I feel sad when something I was looking forward to at the time is taken away .
Adjust Adjust ! Think something more ! Fear , fear and anxiety ! What is really good ? ! I do n't understand !
Do you know what it feels like to have a headache all morning over something at work ?
Damn , I saw a woman chewing and swallowing slowly in the restaurant . As everyone knows , your thighs are so thick , and the lady on the surface ca n't cover up the bad habits .
Encountered the most disappointing online shopping . I 'm in a bad mood right now
Paper jams at every turn , manual double-sided printing is so tiring , I feel like I won ’ t love it anymore
I skip class every day to practice driving 😔 It was noon , so I touched the car
First grade is really drunk . . . What kind of message do you want to promote ? . . This kind of plot and editing method makes me unable to see that any of the auditors have the passion to pursue their dreams~~ Or is it just a precious expression of the relationship between people ? Then why choose a play as the background~~
`` Zun , and Vemura , took away the Misaki of Fushimi , and took away his only Misaki '' I burst into tears when I saw this sentence
This is the first time I waited for the bus so early , this time I do n't have to worry about missing it ! proper drop
I ’ ve eaten dinner tonight and I ’ m so hungry I want to eat Xiaolongbao , crispy corn and spicy soup with small fried dough sticks hungry
It 's all right now ... I do n't even feel sleepy ... 😭
Do n't feel that you are inferior to others , and do n't feel that you ca n't do it yourself .
How to break , how to break , my son transferred a her
Waiting , I rarely make choices , I 'm always in the state of being chosen
Twitter can actually be on without a wall , but not on Facebook
What kind of blessings did I cultivate in my previous life , and all the strange neighbors I encountered were just about to take a nap at this point , and they even drilled holes for me ! ! !
Resources are here ! After watching the first two episodes , I decided to go for it . The only horror show I 've watched without fear . The second episode begins with ghosts and unknown powers .
I really want to talk to others ... but I do n't think I can say it for a while ... so I may swipe the screen next
This road rage disorder is getting worse and worse , the traffic in Guiyang makes me really uncomfortable
This game is really embarrassing to watch , will Perrant line up ? Playing in Hong Kong is like this , can you count on him to lead the national football team to the World Cup ?
Why are there 5 series on the road today , do you dare to have more ?
Today a student gave me a very attractive peach , but unfortunately I ca n't eat it
This , this ... how do two people who feel that the style of painting is completely different from the same road come together ?
What we want is not what we wanted in the first place . - `` Mao Lie ''
The last episode is reluctant to watch it , let ’ s go to sleep
Really kneeling ! Checking , screening , staying up late for approval over and over again , you say over and over again that there is no problem , no problem , but in the end there is still a problem , and you have to re-check and approve the approval again .
Holy crap , crap , crap , this is definitely espionage level
I ca n't sleep again , but I ca n't bear to wake you up , because I know I wo n't wake up if I do !
Love is already a burden , loving each other is suffering , why do I like you
It 's too sturdy for Pei to tear pigeons by hand ... It 's really just a second
It takes nearly six hours to drive to Kunming West Railway Station , and then transfer to Mengzi for more than four hours by train . It is not tiring to travel by car . It is really tiring to carry luggage .
One day I will tell you that you are a wretched little person who does not know the general , the general , and the general !
I worked overtime all night for three days last week . After my biological clock was reversed , I ca n't sleep now . I ca n't sleep .
My God , the cervical erosion took 7 pieces of Royal Lover for the third time , and 4 pieces of Yuyinmei expelled so many things .
As long as I knew that Zhang Peng was resting , I would definitely have insomnia and could n't sleep the night before . As a result , I felt uncomfortable and drowsy all day on the day he rested , so I could n't go anywhere .
Why ca n't you love someone at a young age , and he happens to love you too .
Lin Junjie went to Venus Lan Kwai Fong after his concert last night . Hi ! Great energy ! Depend on ! often out of place
It 's still raining today , should n't it be time to change shifts with snow ?
Those who are easy to be let down are always those innocent and soft-hearted people .
After a night of driving , we finally arrived in the capital of Guatemala . I am a foreigner in the whole car , and there is a soldier with a gun in the car . Guatemala is rated as one of the six most dangerous countries in the world .
I ca n't believe that in 2015 , there was really only one web drama that I could watch completely .
# Taguchi Junnosuke quit the club # Some time ago I did a show with jump and the others , and the J family had a friendship or something , and I also confessed to yuto . It was so harmonious at that time . How to say I quit the club ?
Upstairs decoration has seriously affected my work , study and life .
There is a problem with the motherboard of the mobile phone , I changed the 0 cycle battery , more than a week later , the battery is still 100 %
It 's early in the morning ! ! ! It 's almost 30 years old and she told me that people are children , children are children , children are children ! ! ! !
It 's so annoying , I get stuck every time I play the most exciting time
I 've been followed by people before , and I 'm disdainful on the surface , but I 'm so panicked inside , it 's terrifying . I really hope that no matter whether it is a couple or a couple , it is easy to quarrel or do it . If you ask for help , it will be in danger , so you must help or intervene to protect it ! Do n't let things happen and ruin people 's lives .
The 154 Tianhuai special last night really gave me too many surprises and touches . The children who were ignorant and young last year can also be on their own this year , creating a better actor and stage for Tianhuai . As the audience , although we are old , we still take a shameless photo together . . . I met because of Tianhuai and became a partner at work and a friend in life thanks to this family . I love Tianhuai
Six days to and from four places , the flight distance is more than 10,000 kilometers , the temperature difference is 30 degrees , and the skin calls the police before the body . It 's not easy to understand the people who fly around every day , so take care .
`` You wo n't avoid suspicion ! '' ... This is the most hurtful thing I 've heard recently
Everything has n't officially started yet , do n't be afraid , I 'm still young
I just saw it on another website , and the watermark is from Weibo , but I have n't seen it on Weibo . ——Shandong : Man , Gao Shuai ! - I just want to say : I feel a lot of pressure ! [ crazy ]
Recently , I have been thinking too much , often self-analysis and self-reflection , the process repeated and occasionally repeated mistakes , but the more I think about it , the more I realize it . I would rather be a joker who knows that he is stupid than a fool who thinks he is smart .
Nothing to say today , woke up in the morning and went to sleep at noon . My mother said that I can eat stewed chicken feet . My dear , it 's full of chicken thighs ! Mom , you fought so hard to make me eat .
Every day after get off work , I pick up my children to cook and wash dishes , and I have to play with and watch the piano , clean up the house , wash and dry clothes , and then wash and tell stories to lull me to sleep . I always feel that there is not enough time every day . Men are fine at home . I can share some of the burden . If I were alone , I would be really busy and have no time at all .
Sadness is also common , nothing to make a fuss about . Good night elephant .
Bad to death ! Bad to death ! Bad to death !
This beauty effect is so beautiful , I do n't even know myself anymore
Did you fall asleep in bed ? Mama will quietly come to the bedroom to turn on the light to see you , secretly kiss the baby 's forehead , tuck the quilt , and say good night
Super depressed
A cigarette after a meal is unstoppable . If you want to help you wash the dishes , think about it or forget it , you ca n't get used to it !
Give me a ticket I want to go home early . I have n't been home for the holidays for two years .
I found out that you are also a mic and a jerk . but i love
Paralyzed , it 's hard to come across a rainy day when I do n't have to go to class , I can relax and sleep well , hey , I 'm still busy with hard work , poor oh
All kinds of unbearable slips of the tongue , cry with laughter !
Downstairs ? ? When did you fix the plumbing ? ? ? ? ? Did you know you can die without water ? ? ? ?
Suddenly told me that my Weibo user does not exist , and asked me to verify , , , , I ca n't play well in the morning
Weibo was stolen , came to post some unknown things in the middle of the night , scared the baby to death
I voted 5 times , but I could n't detect the sound twice , two times it came out very slowly , and once in the normal morning , I 'm going to be caught up very quickly , will you be slow ?
Really completely speechless , I 'm so thorough ! thorough ! end ! end !
Twenty cheese breads and three red beans , four in half an hour
I did n't expect to be afraid to give bad reviews on the Internet ! angry ! Ah ~ poverty makes life angry everywhere ~ sleep ~ dream of a rich man~~
I really want to know why my family is talking about my head-to-toe growth all day long ? !
Facts have proved that in love , regardless of men and women , absolute words are unreliable~
I went home today and went to bed without reading the book ... Dry eyes are so uncomfortable
Seeing Messi angrily rushing to Lampard , who is a head taller than himself , went away , I was really worried for him , being beaten down is secondary , and if Lampard gets a red card , it will not be worth the loss !
Lili 's newly-married : Ask the host how much it cost to officiate a wedding : The host ... The more handsome the groom , the more expensive the money , Lili shyly handed over ten yuan : The host was stunned for a moment ... He looked back at the groom and found nine 50 cents ...
People with hyperacidity are really , . . I really want to knock myself out
The traffic in Luoyang is getting worse and worse , what is the ruler doing ?
A scar , if you ca n't put it down , it 's a defect , if you put it down , it 's a badge
Strong people can save themselves , great people can save others . Do n't let emptiness and fear occupy your heart . The recent suicides together brought fear and shock . What forced them to take that step , and they were worried that they would not be able to hold on to the day when they were alive , and they were already enduring a lot . I am afraid again and again , and grow again and again . Indeed , I have made a lot of friends that I no longer contact over the years , and spent a lot of time ... full text
After reading Joel Dick 's `` Truth '' , it is simply the script of David Lynch 's film `` Twin Peaks '' , more than 600 pages were completed in one afternoon , and the last third of the reversal is still a bright spot . , how this online writer-level novel swept the sales charts
2007.11.17-2015.11.17 , today is the wedding anniversary of two of my classmates , and it is also the day my husband and I expressed
When I saw the red bumps all over my body that were bitten by fleas , I collapsed , and then I thought about it , it can only be brought back by the little girl who went out to play , if the little brat was in front of me now , I really tore her heart has ! ! !
I have to go to bed early in the future , or I will be hungry . After many lessons , I finally realized
Malegobi 's snoring wakes people up and goes back to sleep
Stop my bad luck now . This unfortunate month left me speechless . I 'm going to curse
I reckoned that there were three days a week where I stayed overnight . I looked carefully in the mirror and the dark circles under my eyes were so deep .
I now see a capital poor man at a glance ! Where does it make you feel rich ! ! Where 's the face to borrow money from me ! ! !
When my first love found me just now , I was a dog
Why are the pictures so ugly ... why are they so unphotogenic .
All good things , I want to do . I just hope that time will go slowly , do n't let me catch up , and I will not miss everything .
The bus masters in Shanghai are too self-willed , and I still feel dizzy after taking the bus once yesterday .
I woke up early for ten days , and I woke up today and could n't sleep .
You are blowing heat in the cold night in the north , I 'm a fool in the bright sun in the south
Moments are a place where you ca n't complain . Barabara said too much today . When I get home , I just want to shut up and take a shower and sleep 💤 Too many things are beyond expectations and can not be reversed . I can only blame myself for not being capable enough , not being cunning enough . If you 're not careful , you 'll jump into a circle , okay , now I can only complain in a place where no one knows me ! ! Wash up early and go to bed ! See you tomorrow 👋
I ca n't sleep anymore , so I got up and sat in a daze
Autumn induces depression + menopause ! The old and the little ones are making a fuss ! ! To live is to practice , and you have to continue wherever you come !
When I ran after dinner , I found a lawn hidden behind a big tree . After living for so many years , I realized that there is such a treasure place nearby . The environment is so good . what is it
Open the dusty box and find them
I seem to be getting nervous lately ( ´◔‸◔ ' ) Even when I fall asleep , I have all kinds of weird and uncomfortable dreams , and the money should be enough to buy some medicine . Finally , I want to say - I miss you so much ! I want to quack ! ! ! bye~
terrible ! So scary !
It 's a conscience store again , you can eat so much meat for seven yuan
Wearing the moon every day ! ! Overtime and night shift ! ! No one can be seen every day. . . . I 'll just live by myself with my cubs ! !
Did you make it , sometimes I miss the days when you were here , , , laugh and talk , even if I am angry , I will not be angry , but come to comfort , , , now is not the same as it used to be
I have n't seen a movie for a year 👉As a result , the 10 yuan movie viewing event of a certain bank is over
Feet are so itchy , could it be that my feet are frozen ? !
What 's the fun in the men 's bathroom in the middle of the night ? ? ? oh oh oh oh oh , let 's not let people sleep ? ? ?
Alas , the data is cut off at around 10 o'clock every night , and the forms are sent out in 20 minutes . I really want to sleep . I work more than others . I work overtime , and it 's still that little bit of salary . Why can they rest in an office , why , what the hell
I created a memo to record the things that I can ’ t do . I look at it every day and I can remember it . If I remember it , I won ’ t mention it again and express my mind . come on , daddy
Hey , there 's only one piece of Grandpa Mao , but I still have to post my own money like this and receive fake money . I really do n't want to do this job more and more .
Air traffic control , I woke up at the airport after a good night 's sleep . The three sisters-in-law in front took a hundred selfies with the beauty camera .
I got an EMS one today and the packaging is rotten
Will it make me sleep better if I get rid of my too hard temper ?
I made two trips to get a key ! There will be a third trip tomorrow ! If you do n't have a key , do n't go out to do business , okay ?
Midterm exams are killing silver . . . . . I know you are great , teacher . . . do n't have to .
I ’ ve been too busy to clean up the room , so I hired a part-time worker from the Internet . When I asked , I was a confinement nanny with a baby , and I was dispatched when I was idle . It turned out that the housekeeping company saw through the Internet that I was a giant baby , and it was still a baby . still a huge baby
When I woke up in the morning , I said it was a double-digit number , I was overjoyed , I just weighed it again and called it back to the baby before liberation .
A large band-aid is attached to the belly button , the little rabbit is your child , cover the quilt , coax you to sleep , and sing nursery rhymes for storytelling , as if you are afraid of waking up the baby , when you are not there I did n't forget to entrust my `` aunt '' mother to take more care
People without stories are not even qualified to be hypocritical
Every day there are one , two , three , four , five , six , seven or eight classes plus evening self-study ! I really want to try skipping class !
If you go on like this , you will become neurasthenia ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
For the next three weeks , I do n't seem to have to sleep for the scientific examinations , Chinese special papers , and PPTs , if I can survive , I will be a hero ! Although it is about to face a new department , it is likely to be the department that can improve the efficiency of work the most . Why ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Can you still let people have fun ! ! ! !
Covering his nose because I rubbed his nose with a cotton swab , opened my hand first , and left it there , so funny !
Putting on double eyelids and wearing contact lenses makes me feel terrified ! The difference is huge !
Because I 'm blind , should I go from Iger Eye Clinic to Invalides ?
What does this represent ? It 's strange that I ate an apple today and got the first one .
I ca n't just take care of myself and my parents and children ! Help your family and friends too ! Worry is better than fear ! Let relatives know the sorrow , and there will be no fear ! Zibo Boshan District
It 's super boring to live a repetitive life every day , but I do n't know what kind of life is interesting . I really feel that I have n't been out for a long time . I want to go to Qinghai , Dali , Tibet , Beihai , Lijiang , Wuzhen , Xitang , ( -.- ) If I want to have a p use , I 'd better wash and sleep , a full day of classes
That 's not right
Damn , I want to lose weight , my boyfriend 's girlfriends are all small and thin legs
I have to repeat it every day . In the next life , I will not be a language dog .
It 's really a headache , rules and practice , absorption and growth , so annoying to find the center .
After reading the book for less than half an hour , I closed my eyes several times , and there is less than a month for the exam
Your photography skills . Total worship . Do you dare to take a good picture for me ? Make me so ugly .
When I went to the toilet just now , I suddenly noticed a problem and I could n't hold back my urine .
Fortunately , I did n't stay up all night waiting for the live broadcast , but it was cancelled .
Chairman Mao would jump up and slap the national football team to watch the football for so many years , basically holding his breath
It seems that I am more timid than you , seeing the only feeling that is indescribable at 90 degrees , I am cautious , walking on thin ice , and I am even more worried when I see the hot search . Horizontally and vertically , this level has to be passed , and ugly words are inevitable , but you are really good , and it will get better and better ! ! !
Jump and write . Day and night . That 's enough ! !
My left eye is inexplicably swollen ! what happened ?
How can I walk by the river all the year round without losing my shoes , I set a fire and burned my hands
In the afternoon , a child who was so enthusiastic that he helped too much every time to manage the overflowing shoes said : I like taking 🎵 class the most😮👼 and my heart melted instantly😛😋
insomnia
The watch tells me that the introduction is father and daughter ! Are you sure it 's not a couple ?
Heartbreaking night , I got myself drunk at home ! I do n't know how the blood came out of my arm ! Heart is emptied !
Damn , this is the effect of setting off fireworks during the day !
When you are in decline , restrain your depression and smile more , and your false happiness will slowly come true . Gu Nai
Breakfast , flower roll 🌸 with spicy soup , - perfect
I never thought I was so weak . Got a cold after taking a shower ? unbelievable
`` The Unreasonable Advance '' the situation of the horse ? One ambiguous episode ? Moreover , the ambiguous protagonists are the school 's first male lead and 196th female lead ( 200 students in total ) ? Although the male protagonist is not too handsome , and the female protagonist is not too beautiful , but the characters are quite tasty~ Those who like fresh campus dramas can try it . ps : I saw Fudong . There are pictures as evidence .
The secret to not falling is not to be afraid of falling because the worst is just falling ,
Today my friend taught me to ride a bike [ bike ] . After trembling for a while , she said : I remembered a sentence and asked : What ? She said : I was sitting behind your bike crying and falling down [ crying ] . I replied : Do n't worry , you wo n't fall down crying , the car I 've driven the most is the brake ...
As soon as I got in the car , the uncle next to the car told me that I had already experienced 3 people in this bed , and I suddenly became petrified .
When I was a child , I always had my own little `` magic '' . If the bricks on the ground were odd after walking , it would be so . If the third car that came by was white , it would be so . The first person who started talking to me today must be . how . After a while , I thought it was quite silly , but now I suddenly realize that life has always been muddled in my own logic , but it 's not as obvious as when I was a child .
The problem is so big , I still have to do the problem , I ca n't live to the age of 80 , I have to learn it for nearly 20 years , I 'm going crazy
# TVSparrow # Chen Shen : `` I 'm going to be a rusty nail that will be nailed inside the enemy forever '' . . . The word `` forever '' abused me , and suddenly I felt that I might be lucky to leave or die . Those who stayed will always be trembling and walking on thin ice . The Infernal Affairs is too scary . [ Sad ] # 李易峰 # # 李易峰sparrow Chen Shen #
Since the high fever on the 12th , the fever has never left me . At night , I am no longer afraid of the dark , because the fever arrived on time and I did not forget to bring the pain/then fever-reducing medicine and then come over , , , ,
The necessary items for me to go out : keys , power bank , mobile phone , wallet , earphones , I really hope that one day I only need to bring my mobile phone and earphones when I go out , the QR code replaces the key , the battery life of the mobile phone is greatly improved , and all support `` sweep to pay '' , now It 's such a pain to take a bunch of stuff out
Take the subway home for the first time since work , what 's the situation
Uncle across from you , can you wash your feet before reading a book ?
What happened to Sina Weibo ? 16 , 17 , 18 days of Weibo can not be seen , most of today 's Weibo can not be seen , what happened ?
We wear this today , the sky is very blue , and the sky is red when looking to the east . Maybe it ’ s because Mr. Sun is more shy without showing his face for a long time .
Gao Yuankun is living with someone ! He also told me that it does n't matter who the two are , who is Xinang , and the point is that the woman is from Hong Kong and her name is Linda and she has a face I know ! Although this is a dream but it is very real , he is useless .
# People who have dreams , is there something wrong ? # I think it 's right , see yourself clearly and do what you like .
Labor and management are not omnipotent . What b is the work of labor and management , and they do not treat labor and management as pregnant women at all .
The people who are still immersed in the singing of the little princess and ca n't extricate themselves from sleep late in the morning and almost ca n't find where their car is parked ... the mind is blank ... drunk ! ! ! @ LV just want to be a quiet tease @ llllpppl
I 'm a victim well it 's not that I 've done something bad and I have to sneak ?
I am also drunk with the current service quality of Jingdong Express ! Uncle Liu ! Do n't just have kids ! Can you take care of your business ?
After turning over the clothes that were being washed , why did the washing machine turn the clothes over when they were finally washed and turned upside down ?
Such a big ring , can you believe it 's just over 2 grams ?
I really want to perm my hair , I really want to dye my hair , the quality of the hair is so bad that the hair is not long enough
Today , I stabbed the members for a special game , and I was happy to get a Tencent member to watch the game . I did n't expect the school 's Internet speed to be so crap .
I dreamed of two people last night , one was my colleague , Miss Lin , and the other was Hu Ge . I 'm not a groupie , how could I dream of him ?
I really did n't expect that the winter in Xiamen has been coming for a long time , and it still does n't feel very cold .
Going to the administrative service hall today to do business , I really feel like 10,000 grass-mud horses galloping past !
`` When we were young , our parents always urged us to get ready to go to bed before we finished watching the TV series . When we were young , because we were afraid that we could not disobey our parents , we would obediently go to bed and close our eyes even if we were unwilling to do so . This sleep , there are no nightmares , no people to miss , no pillows wet with tears , but somehow , those days will never go back . Beijing·Flower Market Zaoyuan
Mu Wancaozi seemed to no longer want to talk . How to do .
Why the fuck do I think about my charger and I 'm just fucking unhappy
Today I suddenly heard that my cousin , who is one year younger than me , has been a few months old ? ? ? [ Tan Shou ] We three aunts and six aunts have never met that boy . [ Tan Shou ] What 's even more terrifying is to learn in the afternoon that her future father-in-law died suddenly this morning ... It feels good to be married in the village . It 's miserable ... One is a recruited son-in-law who ca n't afford to raise two children ; the other becomes a widow after giving birth to a child and has no time to give evidence ... I 'm so scared , this village is poisonous ...
Kiss , Nima , you wo n't kiss after a week !
Suddenly there is no one to talk to , I still feel very uncomfortable
I want to go to the hot springs ~ eat delicious fish , I must have been a cat in my last life , the male god ca n't eat it , my heart is broken
Always forget to hand in homework , forgetful ! Teacher , I plan to start over , and there are always gaps in between . As a result , I haven ’ t lost a pound after jumping for seven days . I still haven ’ t worked hard enough . The classic January 1st dance is over , the picture above !
I 'm tired of drinking a cup of coffee with ground coffee
# jj Review Competition # Putting the second picture late at night ( as soon as I went to bed , I couldn ’ t help it ) 😝😝😝
No one thinks that Zhang Yimou on the far left looks like P 's ?
When I woke up in the middle of the night , Xu Cheng put a few bottles of this on the table for me , what is this for ?
I watched Gongsuo Liancheng all over the place today , and in a trance , I seem to have seen Marco
Many species are like snakes , exciting and terrifying . Scared but just want to touch . I know this is wrong . I 'm not here for fun , I 'm here for work .
Everything is annoying , did I provoke someone today , there is a wireless problem in the paralyzed bedroom , and I ca n't find clothes ! ! ! Paralyzed , paralyzed , I just want to swear
If I choose to go back at this time , then why am I running out ? Just for a future I 'm not passionate about myself ? Now I am still willfully unwilling to stop , but behind me is a heavy reality. . The ending should be the reality . .
I do n't dare to go out by myself . Since I cut this cowardly hair , do you know how much powder you 've made me lose ?
On the second day of the fever , the body temperature has been kept above 38 ℃ , and it has been burned to above 39 ℃ twice . At night , the cough was very bad , phlegm was stuck , and finally vomited all over the floor until two in the morning . She coughed for so long , it broke my heart . Since yesterday , she has developed a strange hobby—the food packaging bags that she has eaten are not allowed to be thrown away , and the advertising paper is not allowed to be thrown away . Easy to cry and easily frightened , and said that the minions wearing glasses scared her , I said you also frightened her with glasses
I handed it in , but the result is the same , and the result is the same . The rejection of the visa is just distressed for the ticket money , visa fee and insurance money . Well , it does n't matter if you can go or not . Ah , ah , ah , ca n't even think about it
Ladies , come up for a walk . After eating a bag at , I returned to Maoming . . . time flies……………………
`` How terrifying preconceived ideas are '' `` It 's even more terrifying if someone deliberately spread malicious rumors '' `` Invisible rumors can become a weapon for murder '' `` Are you a potential murderer ? '' Elegant Lies
Paralyze and die
In the hearts of our parents , we will always be small watches
The most silent and most popular online shopping ! collapse !
Unexpectedly , I was translating the original edict of the Ming Dynasty emperor to the Ryukyu king Shang Bazhi .
I am an immature person , there has never been a book or movie that I ca n't stop watching late at night , this is the first one .
I want to be good , do n't call me at KTV , bar all night , I 'm tired and my head hurts
Otherwise , it will be too slow to be as low as 🐌 EQ to the limit , or else you will not give me a little time to prepare , making me rush in a hurry ! toss me to death
Today , the teacher forgot to bring the data and could n't take the class online , and took us to the Christmas market to invite us to drink . I drank it slowly because I had the experience of pouring a glass of Glühwein last year , but in the end I went home top-heavy . It 's so cold today , I really want to hibernate .
This world is no longer acceptable to me , it 's too dark
Yelling `` Liar ! Help ! '' // @ Junior-Kong : [ Sick ] So scary . I have been discussing a problem with my friends before . If you are waiting for the bus at the station one day and there is no one around , suddenly a car gets off and two people pull you to the bus , and then say : `` Daughter , why are you so disobedient and run away from home ? `` Even if you desperately say Help and do n't know them , and the people around you think you 're making a fuss and do n't care , what should you do ?
I 'm really super invincible . I hate rainy days , my clothes are all wet , and I have to run around with an umbrella .
In the middle of the night , I dreamed of the exam , and I was also drunk .
Is my Weibo down ? Why ca n't I speak
Is n't that fried corn ? . . . How to get hot search
Suffering almost to death . Interpretation of what is fidgeting , it is uncomfortable to sit to death , and there is no strength to stand , only squatting
It is 40.4 degrees again . Although physical cooling may not be of much use , it is still the only way to do it . There is no other way .
The ranking dropped so fast after only a few days of practice . You are all gods .
There are still more than 4000+ billion in funds on the disk ? No way ?
I searched the Chinese Academy of Sciences and found that there is an academy that has the closest relationship with my undergraduate + master ...
There 's no turning back for you , except with me is with me
Is it really wrong to hold on for so long ? bigpan .
I do n't know why I dreamed that my first trip abroad turned out to be Boston . It 's baseless .
I have n't weighed in a long time. . . . Once it 's over , I 'm terrified of myself . . . . . Eat more ! ! ! Just tear your mouth apart ! ! ! ! no sooner said than done ! ! ! ! ! ! Speak harshly to yourself . . . .
Is your hand swollen , swollen like this - on the importance of props 🐱
Okay , I started to feel sick after eating , and then ... what 's the situation ? Dizzy , nauseated , and continue to want to vomit ... I have to drive to class ,
Hey , I got angry with a brother who is usually nice to me . I 'm in a bad mood .
Such a rubbish coach is also worthy of the national team . Who is this TM ?
Too much unfairness ! Too many dummies , I 'm too weak
Had a nightmare , very clear . A lot of content seems to allude to my present . I have no idea why I have nightmares . My parents left the house early and did n't care about me , only my sister said a few words to me . My classmates came to my house to play , but it was boring . The door was broken , a pervert came to kick my door , hid outside the balcony on the 33rd floor and was found . Then suddenly woke up . At least I am surprised , not afraid . Nightmare must have its own sound , dig for it .
When I saw a girl manga , I wanted to fall in love . I thought that the heroine was with the first man , and the second man gave it to me . I have a brain .
The school was going to post a personal photo , but I turned it all the way through my phone , and it was winter ! What a dislike of selfies ! ! !
What happened to the two of you , can you tell Mama ? Maybe you 've changed , maybe he 's changed , maybe you 've all changed , maybe you have n't changed . Maybe you 're all gone , and we 're still standing there . I do n't know anything , I 'm just a person who is trembling with little trouble . In fact , the wish is so simple , I just hope you are well , that 's all . It does n't matter whether I am firm or not , you are firm , that 's enough .
I want to have a late night snack , but I ca n't eat anything 😞 I can only think about it Lui
Someone said that thousands of dollars of clothes make you feel like you are wearing a street stall , should I beat him
This cup of coffee at noon has refreshed me till now😭
70 % of the ball possession rate without scoring a single goal , and going home to pick up bullshit
I just watched the video of Zheng Kai going crazy . I ca n't believe it . Zheng Kai should n't be like this . I saw someone saying that Zheng Kai is not Zheng Kai since that fart . How did our little cheetah become such a variety show ? The show , only now did I know that Running Man turned out to be played according to the script , and there was a kind of deceived rush .
? Last night 's Weibo was gone . Could it be that this one was also hacked ?
Without high emotional intelligence , without a smooth life , you will get angry when you encounter fools , complain when you encounter setbacks , and you ca n't learn to flatter your feet . But I treat people with sincerity , distinguish right from wrong , know how to be grateful , and have a clear conscience . ( Good night )
like rainy days like rainy days sleep one day like sleep one day hungry one day like hungry one day and then another day
The lovely granddaughter did n't poop on the fourth day . Is the sewer blocked ? What should I do ?
This is a Xinjiang specialty from the owner 's sister , some dried fruits ! have a heart
Hefei colleges and universities actually held a blind date meeting , and they were all eager to find a match . .
I 'm never afraid , I 'm never afraid of what others say The truth is that when I find you , please reflect on your actions and take care of your own words . Those who spread rumors must first be harmed by rumors and do their own thing .
The kettle was collected . I put it in the cabinet before I left . Why did n't my roommate use it ? Now my aunt is mine . Why do I feel that the bad luck is not over yet ? Is the character value negative ?
1st anniversary love you . What is the meaning of today 's day ! For a long time , we will never be separated , we do n't really quarrel and no one can separate us
I share my thing is to look up to you , Beni Ma in this blind BB ! ! ! ! The more ordinary the better , that cheap green tea framed ! !
A murder has occurred ! ! ! The murderer actually wanted to clean up the scene ! ! ! And everything is fine , and I slept in the dark ... sins and sins ...
Is n't today the opening ceremony of the Festival of Lights ? Why will Huacheng Square light up tomorrow ?
The plan is always disrupted by myself , and I have to recite it tomorrow
Do you have to scratch my feet if you ca n't sleep and bored @ CCCCCCKiym
Damn I have to get up at seven tomorrow morning , I went home today and went to bed at nine o'clock , and now I ca n't sleep when I wake up , what should I do ?
Annoying the baby , there are wonderful parents ...
The memories of two people lived alone , and I still remember the place where we stayed the most , enough for us to hide and kiss , and often hug me to the guardrail , so scared that I hug you tightly , here to watch the stars , the moon , people and electricity Fish chat and talk . I still remember the day you broke up with me , hugging me here and saying to find someone to marry . The last time we came here was when you came back from Yunnan , and now I am the only one here in a daze , but I am afraid of snakes , insects , rats and ants .
Terrible , Chinese medicine is less safe than western medicine . It turns out that the medicinal materials are treated by industrial sulphur fumigation ! Therefore , the detected toxicity is greater than that of Western medicine ! Basic knowledge is the principle that medicine is three-part poisonous , so try to eat less western medicine , thinking that traditional Chinese medicine is only animal and plant medicine , so there is no taboo , how can we think that we have eaten more poisonous medicine !
The other day I went to see my little nephew and my nephew were so emotional , I had to follow me to the toilet
If you should leave , do n't leave quickly , is it intentional to be angry ? I 'm so bored !
For such a reason , a life disappeared in this world , still so young ,
A lot of thoughts , broken things , do n't know how to vent ,
Quality customer , speechless O__O '' ... I do n't want to say swearing , but there are still 10,000 grass Nima galloping in my heart !
10,000 words are omitted below , representing the thousands of grass mud horses in my heart
Warm congratulations to the Chinese men 's football team , who can prepare for the 2022 World Cup in advance . The pig association has a long-term vision and sees directly after 7 years , can I swear ?
My God , I actually saw a man lying down and reading a book in the study room of the library . . . Please pay attention to lie down ! ! ! Too casual. . .
They are all animals that ca n't stand the test . Do n't put forward any bullshit love in front of me in the future . Go to his uncle 's mountain alliance and vows . The love is deep and rainy . It 's all a pretense to deceive the little girl . Kim is right : Do you have a house ? Do you have a car ? Have a deposit ? Are parents young enough to take care of children ? Others are not discussed . Go to your uncle 's insistence , and let those who do n't marry me go to hell !
Sleeping every day and then playing with the phone until dawn is really enough
What I 'm not happy about is the music student and the third year of high school Sanba
The referee is really blind ! We have a really good relationship with the UK ! England 's life is repeating itself on us~ Let 's go and liven up the atmosphere with the referee if we have money ! ! Do n't let others lose because of the referee at critical moments ! !
I get caught up in a lot of weird relationships , they bring endless negative emotions , these negative energies make me doubt my relationship and my future , and now I realize that these people and things used to consume my ideals and my enthusiasm for life , so stay away The person who consumes you should not be the person who consumes others😊
A good chicken , I was so stewed that I could n't bite it , please forgive me . . . It was said to be chewy , but it could n't be chewed , which is incomprehensible
Watching TV in the middle of the night and laughing to the point of insomnia , I was also blinded
The courier was lost by ZTO . It 's easy to buy something on Double 11 . I 'm drunk
You have to eat as soon as you get up , is n't it ? What I should be doing right ? If you do n't do it well , you have to give your face , right ? (
I run around every day , it gets dark before dawn , I ca n't sleep , I ca n't finish shopping , I ca n't finish shopping , I ca n't finish shopping , I ca n't finish spending money in the building materials city .
Please , handsome leaders , hurry up and eat ! ! ! I 'm going to the toilet
Wilber Pan has a son~ He is already 5 years old
It 's been a real dog recently , and I 've been sick all the time !
Just swiped on Weibo , the girl said that after 7 months of waiting for the remittance notice , it was not forgotten . While envious , I pinched my fingers . Oh , it ’ s April like me . After logging out of Weibo , I telepathically logged into my mailbox and saw the mailbox number and subject in that column ! ! ! Finally you are here
Can I change my nose to block the old one , but it 's not fun ?
At that time , I was blinded , , , , , all blind , too cruel , ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ! I 'm going crazy , ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ! ! 😱😱😱
Xiamen is going to be hot this year , it 's almost December
MD , if you do n't have a domestic bank account , you ca n't pass Alipay 's real-name authentication . I started tossing with Alipay at 4:00 this morning . I finally managed to log in to my mailbox . I just called my mother happily to ask for the ID number and downloaded the Alipay APP . As a result , his sister 's bank card authentication was required . I just wanted to use it because I did n't have a bank card . Alipay , who has a card to use you ? Wasting my sleep time in vain
I was about to start packing , and suddenly found that there were a lot of skin care products to bring back . Seeing the bottle of water baby , I suddenly thought of what Minmin said in the cafeteria , today is the last dinner of our junior year , we should eat it well . Oh my god , time flies . The mood to go back is nervous and calm . [ cool ]
Be the person you like , whoever you are will meet whoever you are
Much bullshit ! I 'm so bored ! Can you stop talking to me !
I had a good life , everything was natural , but ... life is so bloody , if I do n't make trouble for you from time to time , it 's uncomfortable , that 's good , it 's comfortable , we 're uncomfortable👊
I was eating and a cat suddenly came out to my eating meow meow meow
There is no way to be a fool in the booth
Has run , brother , become a reality TV commercial ? The guests who came came with the task of advertising
I like drinks , I should n't touch that glass of boiled water in the first place😔
Every day I go out without taking medicine . It ’ s like the disease is not serious . If the disease is serious , I go to the hospital . The hospital has all departments and sees everything . Temper , not enough for you to drink two pots
I was busy until 12 o'clock for dinner tonight , and the warmest words I heard were : Do you think you are a superwoman ? Impressed little girl
Is n't it said that Europe is the safest country ? How can it be terrifying ... Could it be that Hitler was restored ?
[ The 60-year-old grandfather has never been scalded for 40 years while frying French fries with his bare hands
I 'm enough , I do n't talk about going to work every day , I do n't earn money , and I still have to take this test every day , or should I live !
It 's enough to face such a place every day
I finally bought the clothes my mother liked , and I was exhausted . Happy to have my happy mother
The coach said that the timed class did n't fail the third time . I was wondering if I could break a record . I felt a pain in my heart , and I felt very helpless . Others were tired of trying to persuade others .
It 's too thrilling , but fortunately the car is well configured , can the big truck [ truck ] drive slowly , the brakes ca n't stop , and it rear-ends directly , and everything in the car is destroyed . Take care of these big trucks , how many people are buried in their hands , it 's terrible [ panic ] [ panic ] [ panic ] [ panic ]
Where is my previous Weibo ? Have I been dreaming all these years ? Suddenly I 'm a newbie again
Do you know how hot it is in here ? It 's already November
I 'm so tired because I ca n't sleep well because of the name of the fourth grader
When I was just finishing my clothes , I found a serious problem . I wore big clothes last year , why ca n't I wear them this year ?
Damn flies got into my tent and harassed me to sleep
I do n't know when I went to Korea
shirt ! Why ca n't I receive comments and Aite 's tips in time ! ! This new version of the slag wave scarf is really intoxicating
I made a video for my mom today , she actually said I was fat
Tangtang , I wo n't make you regret your decision today ! !
I don ’ t want to go to work anymore , I don ’ t want to quit my job , I just wait for my resignation every day. . quit me quit me
Brother Ji took the initiative to wash my feet , in fact , I can wash myself .
How lucky I have met you ; how much I wish I could meet you ; how much I pray that I will meet you ; how sad I met you
Creams can also be used as hand masks .. ? ! what 's going on
I broke someone 's new phone ... I just want to pay 610 to someone to replace the screen
Four years of love today . Thinking about the road we walked together , we fought and quarreled , but in the end we were still in love . My favorite husband , I will accompany you to grow old together to face the wind and rain , no matter what kind of wind and rain there will be in the future , I will walk with you together
Always take into account the feelings of others ! Who has ever taken into account my feelings ! My heart is so tired !
The water is cut off for a day . I use pure water for brushing my teeth and washing my face . I can ’ t take a bath . I wait for the water to come and take a bath . I just finished washing . If the water doesn ’ t come , I won ’ t go out tomorrow ! Well , go to sleep !
A patient who has n't been hospitalized for more than two years came for a re-examination , and the first sentence I saw was : Doctor S , I have gained weight in the past two years ! I really want to be rejected directly ! ! !
Last week 's parent-teacher meeting was not the end at all ! The endless sighs in the office are enough to panic ... I 'm really tired of living for a broken inspection . I 'm so tired that I have four classes a day . I 'm so tired that I do n't want to talk about my homework . What bullshit Young Pioneers case urges me to hand in before Friday This thing popped up in the morning
What happened to people who did n't sleep in a dormitory at 11:30 in the middle of the night ? Eating a dormitory and being beaten by a wronged soul ? Need to dance the gods ? Rest in peace thank you , not to cause trouble to others is the most basic virtue
My temper is so bad that I ca n't control my emotions well after living for so long . Every time I have to regret my angry behavior like a three-year-old child in the first few seconds , it 's really too naive , too naive , too naive
Eat a hash pass every day , even the heart of death
You let me down too much , and your feet are weak at the door ?
Why do I feel that the unit that performed the physical examination for our company can not communicate . . . I want to change units but I do n't have the right
I came home from a dream last night , it was so warm , I don ’ t remember what I dreamed about , but I was woken up by an alarm in the morning . . . want to go home
What a fucking bastard ! ! You do n't bring your own key , I 'll take a taxi back ! ! I called you and was beaten by you ! If you do n't fucking eat it , do n't eat it ! Go die ! ! Why should I look at your face ! ! go away ! enough
He pulled her shirt from behind ! Humble opening ! `` Eh ; can we get along well ? '' She was stunned . Slowly said , `` , , , not good ! '' He suddenly pulled her into his arms and said . `` I really ca n't live without you ... '' She smelled the most familiar smell , thinking about their various ... and thinking of his hot and cold , her heart was up and down ! Ca n't tell what it feels like .
Packed until the middle of the night or ca n't finish the goods , broken sleep
The first snow in 2015 , some suddenly did not see the sun for many days ☀☀☀ The rhythm of walking to school against the wind and snow , strong family affection , full of love .
I ca n't remember the details , but I 've filled it all with myself and I ca n't pass it .
Oh my god , I only had a dream for a few minutes before I fell asleep , and it was still a nightmare . I woke up scared [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] and it seemed that I was still dreaming deeply . Baby bless me not to have nightmares , scared to death [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ]
I bought a pack of Beijing instant noodles , and there are 5 packs of seasonings hidden in it
In our seventh month together , life was not peaceful . Today Qingdao ushered in the first snow of the year , and we were not together . # Snowing #
The more anxious she said on the phone , the more painful it would be for me to come home soon .
In the evening , I had a snowball fight with my younger brother . My younger brother said , `` Sister Spicy will go to work tomorrow after she has enough rest . Do you want me to go to work ? '' The little brother smiled slightly , I do n't want you to go to work , but I want you to go to work again , my heart will be melted when I see you , okay ?
I just want to know if the barbeque grilled by the three squirrels has the same taste as spicy ? The Mala flavor I bought for the first time arrived on the 10th , and the BBQ flavor I bought now arrived on the 16th . I finished eating the last time , but now they say I bought the Mala flavor ? I originally bought the barbecue flavor this time , and the photos I took have the barbecue flavor on it . This customer service is not reliable ! He also said that he could n't see the barbecue flavor , so he said that I bought the spicy flavor , and I will never buy it again .
The road of life is my own , and no one can help me go down , but I don ’ t need to be afraid that the darkness of the shadow will swallow up the bright light of the sun . In my life , even facing the rising sun only once is an honor .
The beauty of time lies in its inevitable passing . Spring flowers , autumn moon , summer , winter snow . If you bloom , the breeze will come . Dear you , good morning~
Now this courier is too good . If something goes wrong , let him go , and when he arrives , do n't ask for it ! Ah ! I signed for it , and I wo n't send it . You are wearing this dress ! If I had known it earlier , I would have ordered a larger number for you !
Join a group and find that there are more women doing investment banking than men . Ca n't help but sigh , there are so many female men
The sophomore dog wants a laptop and ca n't pass the computer exam
Beimen helicopters fly from morning to night . Has been hovering over the North Gate . It flew low and the sound was too strong , no one could take it . Why did it fly for so many years ? The doors and windows are closed and it ’ s loud . It ’ s 9 o ’ clock now . It ’ s still flying .
Barclays really has a good conscience . Dibika was inexplicably stolen and withdrawn in Indonesia . They refused the transaction and sent me a text message to confirm . I transferred the money to a secure account , and wanted to save phone bills without calling and going to the bank to cancel the account . As a result , I received a phone call from the bank before I left the house , and helped me cancel the transaction and block the Dubi card . no deduction
The book `` Genius is on the left and the madman is on the right '' actually appeared in a TV series
Decided to go home comfortably for a week . Every time I go to Xishan Noodles to operate , I am asked if you are willing to plan . Do I look like a piece of material that can be planned ? I never watch the plot when doing missions . Also , CEOs are really self-willed , and they leave as soon as they say it .
Kill someone running in a dream all night , out of breath
I hate my hair because he grows so fast
Damn ... I 'm so pissed off , it 's so special ... Do you think everyone feels good about being criticized in the dormitory ? Just look for all the possibilities . What is your attitude ? Everything is that you are fine ... Do you know what responsibility is ? SB
It 's winter in a second , I 'm wearing down jackets
The cartoon noodles I cooked for the baby today , the baby still wants to eat after eating ,
I 'm from the north but it 's freezing in the south 🐶 The most ridiculous thing is that the air conditioner in the dormitory in the south is actually a one-way climate , and it needs heating no matter how mild the climate is .
It 's really long hair that reaches my waist and I 'm about to fall out before anyone can marry me .
I have a stomachache in the middle of the night and I ca n't come this week . The male god is a little indifferent . I do n't know where to go to give birth . But you sir , I 'm still very high .
Over there , the more than 100-meter-high building collapsed before moving in . There is this shack here , and it is the Pearl of the Orient ! How embarrassing ?
In life , too many things are overdue . Just like the intersection with many people , if you turn around and leave , you will have a lifetime and no future . Some people , some things , that I once thought I would never alienate . Today , it is unexpectedly light and windy , and it is regarded as wind and smoke . Perhaps , this is the experience , is the growth . No matter how soft a heart is , it ca n't stand too much coldness and hypocrisy
After watching `` Fuck Off Tumor Jun '' , I never cried when I watched a movie , but I burst into tears~
In the confrontation between Turkey and Russia , my attitude to China is very clear : that is , anti-Japanese and anti-American
After a whole day of apprehension , I finally set foot on the road south to SanDiego . It is also the United States , why is it so different from Seattle 's opening method ? ! When you say that DT is dirty and messy , it 's obviously scary , okay ? I finally got on the greyhound , the seat belt buckle was broken , the uncle 's hand in the back kept stroking on my cushion , and how could the elevated road be sloping ? [ Bad ] Los Angeles , USA
I ate a crayfish last night and was posted . I got up early and walked through the tunnel , crossed the bridge , and circled around Puxi and Pudong . After a long journey , I finally drove to Huaihai Road , Chongqing Road , after a lot of hard work . Sister got hit again ! It 's my sister 's responsibility ! Not happy anymore ! Really unhappy ! ! !
On the first snow day , I went to see my Girls ’ Generation , full of pink memories~ It feels great to dance with everyone until late at night~ I feel unhappy that I am gaining weight😔 , so good night , in order to put on beautiful clothes
The consequences of buying on Double Eleven are really eating dirt . If you want to eat hot pot , you can only buy oden instead .
Hello everyone , my name is Han Feichi , and I am here today to do thousands of beheadings. . . . eh , done ? 1
Is there a problem with Weibo ? The refreshed ones are only a few hours ago , and the ones just a few days ago are not fresh .
Buying a washing machine is short of 1500 , and my hand has been hurt recently
Now the flying kites will affect the flight of the plane
Looking through the previous photos , I found that my eyes were inner double at that time , and now I am outer double , is it sleeping ?
I want to take a walk in the rain and pretend you 're by my side .
Is n't it just a face wash , since I washed it at 7:20 to the present , my face is really big !
Why is everyone watching the horror movie [ Blank Eyes ] I watched Train to Busan at a friend 's house a few days ago , my god , that scene will definitely give you nightmares ! So I walked around holding the pillow , and asked my friend to explain the plot to me . In the end , I could n't hold back and cried twice [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] Why are my eye sockets so shallow recently , look Anything can cry a nose [ grievance ] [ grievance ] [ grievance ] [ grievance ] [ grievance ]
If you do n't know where to go tomorrow on the road🙈 How could I suddenly fall in love with this cheesy song ...
At Jiaomen West Station of Line 4 , a man shouted repeatedly on the platform , repent to God , brothers and sisters , I have tried my best .
Can you imagine what it looks like if you don ’ t wash your hair for a week , but you still can ’ t wash it , when will you be able to go to school ?
Returning to Xi'an after many years - the beginning of a beautiful story , is n't it ? It 's a pity that airport taxis are still so unstandardized . You have to charge ten yuan for a five-dollar expressway , and they say that I have already printed the meter for you . What should I do ? I was defeated by this logic .
Encountered the most bizarre take-out delivery , do n't call when you come , say your phone bill is expensive 😳 Do I know you , please , you do n't ride a courier car and do n't call , I know which one is you ? Or do you know me and I order takeout with my face written on it ? Then you give me the takeaway . If you do n't call me , I can know which one is the takeaway and blame me . When ordering takeaway in the future , I will hold a sign and write , `` I ordered takeout ? ''
Either singing or talking loudly , are you brokenhearted ?
The gray interest chain circles behind these dark forces are so extensive that it is hard to imagine . In short , because a small interest can trigger a chain reaction of these interest chains , it is like being bitten by a wasp , and the result is a whole nest in the end . Wasp all secretly played yin by unscrupulous siege , retaliation , and harmed me alone , so I was not killed by the whole scourge . What is even more incredible is that in the end , other provinces and cities also networked with the entire brain control alliance to suppress and harm me .
What ? Saying one is seeing Susu smiling and Susu bending the corners of her mouth gently , my heart is sour
I 'm bored but I wo n't look for you because I 'm cool I did n't expect you to be cooler than me I do n't look for you , you do n't look for me , I 'm the coolest guy in the universe .
Dressed up for the marathon last Sunday . It snowed this week and I was n't so heavily armed !
Thank you for your blessings , I will reply one by one when I have time
Recently , I became obsessed with watching the food broadcast in the middle of the night , especially the food broadcast of instant noodles . I have read all the things that I ca n't eat now and then I really want to eat . The baby is now hungry and wants to cry . The first thing to do is to eat ! Bubble ! noodle !
[ The power bank can actually `` peep '' the private photos in the mobile phone ! ! !
I 've been with my cousin for a few days , and she 's grown up , but I did n't expect a 17-year-old girl to be so obedient , so obedient , she does n't have any rebellious mentality at all .
Stool , moisture ! Listen up ! Believe it or not 👇
I ran into a nagging driver~ The baby is going to be late
Zhang Yuxi and Wan Guopeng are together ? ? ? ! ! !
This look is cute , but alsoSuitmeandibeginhatemicroblog.now !
I ate a big piece of beef before going to bed and it was dry ! ! ! ಥ_ಥ
Every time it reaches 3 o'clock in the afternoon , I start to feel dizzy and feel like throwing up when I see the computer
My mother asked me if I wanted to drink soy milk at night . I thought she was teasing me , but after a while I heard the roar of the soy milk machine , and after a while , I drank the steaming sweet soy milk .
I was showered by a sprinkler when I went out . Is it particularly cool in this rainy day ?
There is no Akui who makes me shout all over the floor ... No Peter who thinks about me everywhere ... No big balls to make me happy ... No my little tea ... No noodles friends who accompany me to eat noodles on weekends ... suddenly so sad
Punch Day04 Only when you set a goal can you know how much you are lacking , only to find that taking a small step every day is good
`` Those with heavy eye bags can hang on oil bottles '' Haha needs to rest~💨💨💨
I remember going to the cafeteria with the same table for lunch once , and accidentally bit my tongue , and I cried out in pain ! The same table asked : `` What 's wrong ? '' I was so in pain that I could n't speak . I pointed to the rice on the table , then pointed to my mouth , and vomited some blood to the ground ... This guy actually shouted at that time . Said : `` Everyone , do n't fucking eat it ! The food is poisonous ! ! ! ! ''
Suddenly I found out that I did n't make any friends when I came to Sydney , and it was n't because the people around me were bad . They were all very good people , but as I grew up , I was more and more afraid that I would still have to separate after making deep friendships . I always miss some old people and things , probably because they appeared at the age when I was least afraid of parting . Sydney , Australia
Remembering how stupid I used to be , I want to slap my two big mouths fiercely
Nima forced , the ball scored , are you so blind , the referee ?
Are you happy ? In fact , I am not happy , I know it myself . Although I laughed heartlessly every day , but God knows how tired I am .
From November 3rd to November 14th , there will be no more blogging for such a long time !
This is the largest , thickest and most generous roasted white I have ever eaten .
I just found out today that Huang Zitao and Chen Xiang are two people , and I ca n't tell them apart just by looking at the photos .
Please see how many degrees are now , can the school use their brains ?
`` Later I realized that a lot of things are useless no matter how much you talk about , just like you are thirsty with a cup of hot water , but you will put it down when you feel hot . ''
It snowed and had a lot of fun . Although I didn ’ t have them , I still had Liu Weiwei to accompany me ( ｡･ω･｡ ) ﾉ♡ , I don ’ t know where you were playing well or not . Did you catch a cold ? Doupod and Ji Bird have to have a good time at the end . Attached a Oppa version 1.0 😄
While taking a bath , I did n't get two calls from Orange Juice ... I ... not ... happy ... heart ...
There is no chance of making mistakes so be careful every step of the way
Kick Hong Kong , the referee is so black ... I do n't know what to say
There are so many people on the bus on rainy days . It is not easy to have a big belly . I was in a bad mood and quarreled with my husband . Who told him to leave early ? It 's already nine o'clock after dinner , I do n't like rainy days , I do n't like rainy days , I do n't like rainy days
It 's so stupid that B has it every day , especially today ! A bunch of little kids , do you know what respect is ? ! It 's obviously very hot , but it 's too low to be anxious with them ! If you do n't learn the good ones , all kinds of bad habits are like divine help , and you can comprehend them in minutes ! Really TM disgusting ! !
In the future , I will be your mother and I will feel sorry for you hahahahahahaha
I bought 11 items without knowing how to buy them . It feels like a good pinch .
# typhoon sea anemone # [ Sudden ! ! 】It 's going to be a big deal . The scaffolding on the top floor of the Shanghai Center was blown loose by the typhoon , and it was crumbling . [ Bad ] via happy blue moonlight Lujiazui TX bypass the construction site of Shanghai Center ! [ Microphone ] has called 119. . . [ Bad ] tks @ Shanghai beach bag to inquire
It was a lot of work to be late for extra points for public welfare activities , but I bumped into YuMingZhu again . I was dressed in yellow and yellow , so I was once again told that I could not dress formally ... I said that I only knew today that I was not ready for the meeting , and she said that I should wear formal every day to work .
The information leakage is too serious . Spam recruitment text messages and calls have seriously affected my sleep quality .
When I see other people posting on Weibo , I also want to post why I owe so much .
The courier was lost by ZTO . It 's easy to buy something on Double 11 . I 'm drunk
Nima , when you talk to some scum in the future , you need to have a recorder ready .
The last career planning teacher also asked , raise your hand teacher who has never been in love is this fun ? I feel the world is full of malice
Sometimes I may be so fragile that I burst into tears when I hear a harsh word , and sometimes I find myself gritting my teeth and walking a long way. ! !
Now this hospital has also started a return visit . My sister was hospitalized in the third hospital on June 28 because of herpes and headache . She called me today to ask if my condition is better .
After the interest is over , you need to persevere , otherwise it is just superficial and false
I ate noodles at 6 o'clock and drank milk at 9 o'clock , and I spit out all the milk with the noodles . Changed clothes , changed sheets , and went back to sleep . I really took her stomach , eating so little and still like this .
A collection of scary scenes in horror movies , nearly 9 minutes , 40 videos , simple and rude and scary ... It is best to watch when you are bored ! [ Insidious ] ~Be careful . Video in seconds
I do n't want to sleep , I do n't want to close my eyes , it 's just a dream when I fall asleep , do you feel like a nervous breakdown ?
Huh ? Why is the always smiling and graceful father-in-law suddenly angry ? !
It 's the annual insomnia festival again , I have to adjust , dizziness
Late to sleep obsessive-compulsive disorder late , when I don ’ t want to sleep , I ’ m just thinking about my family and thinking about those people I haven ’ t seen for a long time
How serious is it that my mom can get a phone call after 11:00
Why is it calculated to be 11 bottles , and the IQ and EQ are all low , what should I do ?
Haha~ I watched it for 30 seconds~ How long did it take you to watch it~ ?
I was supposed to go to bed at 11 o'clock . I walked back to the bedroom door at 11 o'clock and stayed in an unfamiliar place all day . After dark , I felt a lot of anxiety I 'm going to die if I talk like this , I ca n't understand it in many places , and I will close my ears in fear . Wuhan is noisy and hot at night and ca n't hide the vague loneliness of the people in the air .
SpaceX , a private space exploration technology company , has become a US rocket launch supplier ! Brother Kang was really shocked by the progress of technology . Guys , what do you think ?
Who made this puzzle ? Hahahaha , laugh at me !
I will definitely use the trumpet account for the next round of blogging . I ca n't watch it myself anymore . Where is the beautiful picture transferred from my horse 's video ?
When my son saw the advertisement of Angelababy on TV , he said to me : Mom , that is the baby of the brothers who are running ! My jaw dropped
what 's the situation ? An ordinary Weibo with 30,000 views
Simply this morning ! ! ! ! 10,000 times in my heart
It 's been half a month , and I 'm going to take sleeping pills for insomnia .
sweat ! ! How can I save my dignified Chinese face ? On the morning of October 17 , General Fan Changlong , Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission , said at the opening ceremony of the Fragrant Mountain Forum that even on issues involving territorial sovereignty , we will never resort to force , try our best to avoid misfires , and always pass and directly The parties concerned resolve disputes through friendly consultation .
I have n't seen the sun for a long time , and I almost forgot what a sunny day looks like . Although rain nourishes everything , it should be enough , right ? If it goes on like this , it will be moldy .
My head is dizzy , I have nightmares when I sleep , and I am exhausted by being tortured by a project . This National Day is estimated to be spent in trepidation .
It 's been a day today , how should I put it , I 've been palpitating since I finished talking to the old lady in the morning , and now I 've finally met someone who has grown up to make me so angry . What a pitiful person , there must be something to hate . , there has always been a voice in my heart telling me : dear , as a girl , do n't scold her ... 💪💪💪
The first bottle my family made for me was shattered by my fool ! So sad ! The so-called joy begets sorrow ! I want to kill myself !
Every time I have a lot to talk about , I don ’ t know who to turn to , and I ’ m afraid of disturbing others when I find someone else
Today , my dear baby came to my side . Although it was very painful when I was born , but seeing your pink and tender face , no matter how painful my mother is , I am so happy and happy ! Baby , I wish you a happy and healthy growth , Mom and Dad love you !
Brat ! The hands are so strong ! I 've had so much fun and I 've pulled so much hair , but I did n't have much hair at all ! Drink water at night !
Oh my god , what kind of city is Zhengzhou ! The one who ordered a takeaway to deliver the takeaway turned out to be a high school classmate ! !
It 's been a few days since Double Eleven , and I have n't received a single courier ... Although I do n't buy a lot , can the efficiency not be so slow ?
Fanfanfanfan , sometimes I really do n't know , what are these for ? Not happy !
I really want to ask myself why I stubbornly chose English in the first place . Do you hate reading the most ? Have you forgotten ?
Suddenly I found that I was missing this and that , how did I come here last year !
When I looked up and saw the long-lost little snow , my heart that had been dusty for a long time could no longer be calm , recalling the memories that I should have , I tried hard to touch that beautiful snowflake , but it was fleeting . , before I can regain my senses , it has melted in my palm , and to this day , I am only left to watch the snow alone , with my heart , I want to use this beautiful white elf to greet you in the distance : now you Are you ok ?
Some love is hurtful , some love is nourishing , the difference is : do you have to get him ? Especially , when you fall in love with someone you should n't love , you have to ask yourself the answer to this proposition . People who should n't love , give you only love . The person you should love will give you the whole world . - Su Cen
Every time after my self-esteem is hurt , I pretend that I have nothing to do , choose to remain silent and not argue , even if I feel unhappy and comfort myself in my heart , even if I can hurt me , I have to be close people . but ! There is no end ! Can you think about other people 's feelings before you say anything ? It 's funny to say bad words ! Can you treat yourself as a human without treating yourself as a dog !
The eyebrows turned into brown eyeliner were disliked by the photography teacher
It 's rare to have a meal at night , it seems that I 'm going to gain weight again
Continuous light rain , unable to walk the dog . In the morning , Xiao Bu was supposed to jump up and down in the garden to pull and sprinkle , but when he reached the stairs , he turned to lie down on the ground and could n't get up .
Recently , there have been few Weibo posts , because Weibo did not give me an upgrade .
I found that I do n't usually contact you very much . Once I contact you , it 's always `` I 'm getting married '' ... How can a little heart bear it ?
Day , night , non-stop meetings . . . Too much consumption of brain cells . . . I have n't had a good rest for a long time
When I am most vulnerable , I will think , sure enough , a person is unreliable
Heart-piercing pain , who can help me , who can understand me ,
I 'm really convinced , it 's so hard to do something . This is China , this is reality . Do I still need to prove that I am me , I am a big living person
I 've overslept on two weekday mornings recently , and my alarm clock does n't even ring . When I woke up , it was already 9:30 , and it was the same this morning . After cleaning up and going out at 10:00 , the road was still heavily blocked . I was a little embarrassed to be in such a hurry to barely catch up with a meeting at 10:30 .
After cleaning the room , I changed the quilt haha , mark it
Oh my god , I have n't run for two months . I just ran with a heart rate of 200 . I thought my watch was broken and it was almost winter . There are a lot fewer people running in Orson .
After the forest was destroyed , a koala looked at his bare home , and his mood was too complicated ! looking distressed
Tmall has junk sellers like you who are embarrassed and ca n't afford the cashback event , so do n't give it a good review . It 's been delayed without cashback for a long time . I told you to wait . This is the first time you see such a store . Today is the real experience of Zhenzong . Do n't push me . I love this internet quote ! Shameless has reached a high level
Every breath you sigh has its own temper , you ca n't take it back and swallow it
I 'm about to fall asleep ... I 'm gone again this weekend , I have to work overtime
Only when can I get paid , I only have 20 yuan on my body .
Xueba with low EQ really do n't let me meet you a second time
I hate when others wronged me the most , I have endured it once or twice , but I have nothing to say anymore
Another good book to end . Reading this book really requires a strong psychological quality . I am not a commentator and I am just writing about my feelings after reading it . `` Fragrant Daughter '' Xilin Gore is a strong woman who has survived countless deaths and still faces life at all costs for her family , but she is only one of many unfortunate Afghan women . I really hope world peace without war
Pardo established himself as one of Mexico 's best players by then , and it 's no surprise that he was called up to the senior team .
I do n't want to mention the name , but the question has been lingering in my mind for the past two years , why did someone choose such a name
I 'm not in Guizhou Province for 2000 calls
Back to the original busyness , turn off the computer , go to sleep at ease
Adults , please do n't pass on the values ​​you have formed by the oppression of this abnormal society to us as experience . Now is your era . Because of your ideas , the current situation will be our era in the future . No matter how society develops yours Experience does n't apply anymore and most of us do n't want to be in the same situation as you make us look forward to the future instead of fear
In the middle of the night , the baby pulled a bag of Big Mac Xiang ... There are as many as adults ... The back full of diapers is extremely smelly~ The little one quickly got up and gave her a bath , changed clothes and changed the sheets ... No wonder the little guy recently I do n't like to eat , so there is so much food accumulated in my belly ... After pulling the little guy , he went back to sleep ...
Give the baby a bath , I say bend over , tilt your ass , wash your ass ! Tao said : Mom , do n't you talk like this in the future , okay ? I laughed and said : Why ? Tao said : I will do it ! Growing up , privacy ?
How did the girl lose weight again ! Netizens exclaimed `` Paper Man '' !
I 'll go to your sister , why is the bed so wet ? ! ! ! It 's so hard to lie in bed for a long time ! ! !
Everyone has a love for beauty , but a woman in the United States spent $ 200,000 to make herself ugly just to imitate the cartoon portrait she was drawn when she was 15 years old . . . . . .
The delivery was unsuccessful , so did you call me ? What about the phone ? 😡I can understand that you ca n't finish the delivery , but at least give me a call first , it will make me happy for nothing . When did SF Express do this ?
Look , look , I 'm frightened [ dumbfounded ]
Thin is king , thin is king , thin is king , good-looking clothes are useful , see through people
It takes a long time to search through the address book to find the name of the person , and she shows off her good deeds as soon as she comes up . I 'm so refreshing , it 's good to admit that you are happy . As for the rambling and rambling , I must follow you to the Sunshine Avenue immediately ! The avenues are too crowded , so I like to walk the tree-lined paths !
From this point to now , the speed of the Internet is nothing to say
I am amazed at the memory of children ! Give the children in the community a plasticine knife . You saw it at his house yesterday and said that Mommy is my knife . My knife is here ! You sang the English alphabet song in bed in the morning , I sang it several times , and I did n't tell you that you must learn it . You actually sang it 78 % ! surprise
Someone said that thousands of dollars of clothes make you feel like you are wearing a street stall , should I beat him
Repairing a computer thought it was just a system problem , but it turned out that the hard drive was broken , which was another big expense ! not open
I skipped class in the morning to take the driver 's license test , and finally passed the test~ Goodbye Woodland
I cried myself stupidly . The card you thought was lost was actually lying in the drawer . The ID card I thought was stolen was actually in the bag for a month . Then the things that have been lost , I always thought they were on me . It took a lot of time and energy to re-report the loss and make up for the cancellation . Holy shit . Enough is enough . Chen Ersha
A man who has no character , no virtue , and no sense of responsibility is simply scum to the end .
Am I going to be red tonight ? So many people @ me ?
I actually not only thought about this childish thing , but also did it ...
Everything is annoying , did I provoke someone today , there is a wireless problem in the paralyzed bedroom , and I ca n't find clothes ! ! ! Paralyzed , paralyzed , I just want to swear
Picking up my little p from school early in the morning , the pile of luggage in the corridor makes me feel like a refugee camp
Many times we do wrong because we use our emotions when we should use our brains .
Be decisive when deciding whether or not to do something ! ! ! ! What a big deal ! Be sure to come and go ! ! ! ! Not even a girl like me ! ! ! The heart , liver , spleen , lungs and kidneys hurt so much ! !
A preview . The cool breeze on the rooftop in winter completely destroyed my pretending skills with a fever .
If a long sigh can change something , I think I 'd be willing to make a bitter face
It 's been two months since I was there . I worked so hard at the bar , but they did n't even give a notification after they said it . Suddenly I felt very aggrieved . I stayed up all night to delete all the black posts . Ha ha , it 's all floating clouds , I do n't want to say anything more , just make you happy . I really want to cry tears come to the corner of my eyes but ca n't stay , I really want to cry why do you treat me like this
Take care of your wardrobe , and your mood suddenly improves ! Mmmmm , my excitement is just that low !
Ten years of drinking ice is hard to cool and hot blood is painful and painful .
like ! fruit ! Really ! number 22 ! Have a holiday ! I ! return ! how ! Do ! Double eyelid ! ! how ! Do ! !
The first day I went out and came back happy , I was still in a state of physical exhaustion and mental laxity , but there were so many things to do , I was so busy that I was dizzy .
Fragments of time , please do n't drown me , I 'm just a passerby .
Waiting for the bus to go to work in the morning , crowding the bus always drives me crazy
It 's terrible , the world is still not safe enough today !
This is not to gamble on tomorrow with youth , sister is to exchange her life for it
My stomach hurts ... I walk like a disability , I wipe it !
I was hit by this car when I waited for a traffic light . If I was faster , I would be run over ! TMD . It 's sun at noon
Recently , Weiyou broke the news that the main gas pipelines of Building 23 in Xiangyang No . 1 Village , East District , have been laid on the sidewalk , and some of them have been installed on the fort . `` It 's too worrying to be exposed outside ! ''
I just posted a beautiful Kunling , and the number of readings is 10,000
meal ! Card ! again ! Lose ! ! Do not ! open ! Heart !
Now the baby should be on the way to the study room after breakfast is almost finished . It 's still cold outside after eating . Do n't be shy and keep your mouth shut . Then we have to discuss learning together
It 's really annoying every day , I 'm overwhelmed by work , and I have no interest in doing anything .
As long as you are not cowardly , why should we miss it .
The original small holiday was completely ruined by the company 's training and examination
So I do n't need any pretense anymore . Now I really have a vast grassland . There is a beautiful daily life on the grassland , a long-lost freedom , and a girl who came to me with flowers . I think I have seen the best look of life . darling , i 'm back
I 'm fucking sick and I 'm helping this kind of guy later
( I understand , I have to solve all the tedious things in front of me . ) After typing this sentence , the phone fell off my face and felt that I was sentimental again in the middle of the night . Then I went to post a picture👇 and finally got a little sleepy . Good night
What are the popular microblogs on the big night , it 's all scary and disgusting , I ca n't sleep
Obsessive-compulsive disorder I ca n't sleep in the middle of the night After taking a shower , washing my clothes , drying my room , cleaning the toilet and brushing the toilet , that 's just me . Obsessive-compulsive disorder and cleanliness
I 'm about to graduate , I want to see a concert of a favorite band to say goodbye to my school days , but I do n't have the money to buy tickets for the top of the mountain .
It ’ s just like that , it ’ s okay to eat it , but the price is so expensive😹
My Weibo was stolen for the first time ! Dead liar , do n't believe it , it 's a scam
What , it is actually a shared 'property ' , how can there be such a fool. . .
After reading Lust and Caution , I feel like a stupid story of a stupid woman totallynotworthit
I 'm really afraid of what 's coming . I 'm lucky to not win the lottery . I 'm heartbroken . I really do n't want to say it . mix ! I just want to work quietly , do n't disturb me so I can ask for advice , comfort , please ...
It 's amazing , I ca n't tune myself , but I actually cried and cried in public ! Immediately , someone was willing to transfer , but he was still a person who had worked for more than ten or twenty years , and he actually cried !
Dry-fried beef river + black tea , breakfast is so capricious
Yesterday , I was sent to get the CD-ROM . The 2B camera of CCTV made me wait for two hours . Can we have fun together after that ?
Wuhan is really an international metropolis with high consumption , and it costs 168 to wash your feet ! !
Where did the Cold War come from , and why did it suddenly become a hot search ?
I really regret why I did n't learn more than one language at the beginning~ It 's good to learn Korean and Japanese~ Or Thai~ Sawadika is also fine~ Sad~
I do n't want to say right or wrong , there is no absolute but I do n't regret it because I have you by my side CuzIbelieve . Continue to be confused .
It looks like his back and waist are about to break , could he be poisoned again ? ?
You are stupid and I ca n't get you a female ticket , please take it away
Every minute I 'm in a bad mood , I 'm full of negative energy , I ca n't stand the labor , I quit my job , I quit my job
It 's broken , if it goes on like this , the whole person is finished
Every time I set a lot of rules for myself , you made an exception every time . I told myself that I couldn ’ t love someone so humbly . Then I gave all this love to you .
Looking at ppt late at night , I found an emoji that distracted me
Uncle , I want to ask if you can think about the mood of people like us who are on duty all day and still listen to you tell ghost stories at night . You can tell it quickly , how can you be so vernacular , is it interesting to talk nonsense ! ! ! !
Coming to the map gun again . You are the only person in the world who respects other people 's culture , and you should be terrified and guilty all day long . Those who break the rules in a certain circle ca n't wait to legislate one by one . How can passers-by know where the thunder is in your tunnel battle ? Old fans , did this thing also learn from the class system of Japanese predecessors ? The little water that was born in my mind has finally drowned out the self-knowledge after so many years ? ... full text
I 've been out of status recently , and I ca n't read the book . I 'm a person who wants to take an exam .
Inthesunandilookedathersilenceastothedesolate , andtherichistheirchoice . In the sun I look at my silent palm , the desolation and splendor of life is my choice !
212th day together . Thank you for running home with me after I got my `` I miss you '' message
The old problem for many years ... still ca n't change the problem of not being able to eat alone .. today I made up my mind to go .. still have n't crossed that hurdle .. still go home ...
Redo the notification form in the middle of the night . Power outage and disconnection are trivial matters . No backup . Knock on the door of another dormitory . Borrow a computer to find a backup .
You are so weird , you have a problem with neurasthenia , it 's really dirty
How did my personal information leak out , the insurance company called me one by one every three to five .
Going out for self-study , the rain poured all over my body , it was really not worth it
Tormented to death by a printer on a good afternoon
I ca n't sleep in the middle of the night with my brain soaring~ It 's really going to explode ! Got up and went to the toilet and came back to find something even creepier. . .
I just thought it was pretty cool when the four swords of Damocles flashed above the Pillar Tower . But when the fifth sword of Damocles came out ... I was really freaked out there
Mom said , why is this little rabbit blind ?
I really admire my own work ! ! Few of the 15 multiple-choice questions on Nima 's side will meet ! ! In the end , Nima made 3 mistakes ... I was worried that my character test was not enough that day ! !
Sometimes I just do n't want to answer the phone , avoid everyone , and stay at home alone and want to be quiet .
The doctor in the hospital is so cruel , he was scared to death , the bad doctor has no medical ethics
When the old lady finds a job , get out right away ? ! I ca n't get through this day .
Can anyone explain to me why the money I received is on top of the money she sent ? !
Eat two meals in one night [ embarrassed ] Eat hot pot twice a day [ horrified ] Is this the legendary 11th festival ? [ Question ] It ’ s too scary [ pick nose ] I ’ ve seen a storm that doesn ’ t spill the cup ... The waist that doesn ’ t spill on the plate ... It 's the first time [ applause ] [ applause ] [ applause ] Beijing·Haoyaji ( Fengbei Road ...
This is where the cooling is , it is simply the fourth winter in Guangdong to be quick-frozen . Will it be successful ? Rice noodles of many rice , remember to keep warm , get off work soon , be careful on the road , hurry back to your warm home
You definitely have avoidance syndrome , and it 's a serious type
Less than a month 's salary , what 's the motivation to stay in this place
Thank you for regaining your conscience . Everything is not so bad , is n't it 🌘
Not afraid of god-like opponents , but of pig-like teammates ! ! ! The labor and management ca n't remember how many times this is the first time I 've been tricked by the pig teammates . I really want to beat people up ! ! ! ! ! !
She sold the property and wanted to pay back the money for her son . She wanted to find her son who had committed a capital crime and surrendered to the police , in order to show the government 's leniency and give her son another life .
[ Man Man Slow ] I said , Mom went to dinner . She went straight back , do n't ( go to ) class ! Turns out she really understood . Then my grandma chatted with me . The child downstairs in our house was fostered with the elderly , and my parents came back to see it on weekends ... She ran over immediately , grandma hugged , and my mother goodbye . What does this know ?
The old ear disease recurred and half of the head was numb ! My Tama never wants to play badminton again !
allergy ! ! ! It 's definitely not good to drink water , okay ? I 'm dying
For n years , I have forgotten what a selfie is . Well , I admit that taking a selfie now shows that I have courage .
Sleepless nights , because of the words of my grandfather brought by my mother , this sentence will always touch my tears , I feel helpless , I want to hug . Even if I have always tried my best to be nice to them and materially try to honor them as much as possible to make up for the lack in my heart , I just pray that this will not be my regret . I have to go to work tomorrow with swollen eyes .
I drank a cup of slimming tea in the morning and didn ’ t move all morning . I ate a large table of dishes at noon . When I came back , I drank tea , ate apples and jujubes . Now my stomach hurts .
Stop me , I 've eaten a square kilometer
# 好夜学通 # We sighed and sighed with emotion on the rest of our lives in the night when there was no one around , but we forgot to have a bright face before going to bed , looking forward to the spring flowers blooming tomorrow .
Every night I practice with a guy who is five big and three rough . Today I finally learned that his name is `` Zi Wei '' .
I 've fallen in love with brushing since getting a new toothbrush . Every time I brush my teeth , it is a kind of anticipation , it feels like seeing a new friend again , but there seems to be something wrong with my gums ...
See you for a long time , I am still more suitable for high cold . The only one who likes me is cute . Good night
'Mom , mom , come and see my paintings ! '' '' Wow , what an interesting painting ! What are you drawing , Qian'er ? '' '' There are so many little babies in my mother 's belly ! '' '' Amazing ! Do you want your mother to give you more brothers and sisters ? '' '' Um ! '' '' Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ''
# 李易峰 Cutting your head for you # Looking at his eyes , I really feel very scared , super terrifying . , Li Yifeng goes all over the world with a razor , so handsome to me
The stinky fool said to me just now , `` Brother , bring me a banana . '' Ben Baozi said , `` Accompanying is the longest confession '' after watching `` The Long Years With Anthony '' today . How literary and artistic After a small knock , the stinky fool said , `` I need to accompany you to get a banana with your consciousness . '' . . How literary and artistic I said
I 'm doing this company 's promotional video , I 'm really drunk
Today , a 20-year-old boy left a message on QQ , saying : For my love with him , I committed suicide today . > Medicine , thank you for accompanying me with your paintings for five years . I was stunned for a moment and looked at the time of the message . Yesterday at 3:40 in the morning ... then the reader 's avatar was slashed diagonally with a heavy black line . I hesitated for a long time , and typed a few words weakly ... Are you still there ?
Do n't give any information , open your mouth to make a plan , be your watermelon ball
Ugly cat needs to read more and it rains all the time , so I will go home and have a little rain
Got yourself into a hole ! This play sex I also convinced myself ! But what to do ?
The baby was packing clothes in the next room , and suddenly came over and said , `` Mom , we do n't have to climb the mountain anymore , because our clothes are already piled up ! ''
I just want to go around the city happily on weekends , and do n't want to cry every time I want to squeeze the bus and ruin my good mood for a week
Double 11 really ca n't buy it , it 's the 17th , and it 's still like this , when will it arrive !
There are only three of us including me in the elevator . You show your numb love !
The most disgusting animal in the world is the fat worm , the kind with eyes , and has hated all S-shaped animals for so many years , so disgusting ah ah ah ah ! ! ! ! Show me a photo too ! ! !
Perrin , I 'm just asking if the frontcourt player position was decided by lot , so you 're completely lonely .
@ Pingdingshan Municipal Transportation Bureau Is it easy to practice a car ? You have to be on duty at the designated traffic lights at 7:00 in the morning . What kind of rule is this ?
There is no fog in Jiangzhu in the summer night . The water waves beat the shore and flushed white foam . Weeds grow in the cracks of the cement at low tide . There is a person sitting next to you , squinting at the light signs on the water in the distance , and talking . If it does n't matter , one day you will understand that what you did n't cherish at the time will eventually become what you desperately want .
Opened Weibo and suddenly there were so many likes and comments , which almost scared the baby to death , but why did n't the fans have one more Nirvana ? Refer to the previous Weibo~
Because you let me leave those unpleasant places and forget the days I did n't like , so I will follow you in the future
In less than 3 days , I actually lost 30,000 followers , it really scared me
Because it is too miserable and afraid of failure , it is a good idea to selectively ignore it . Believing in beauty has become a belief driven by fear . Good night !
It 's annoying , why are there so many unpleasant things in one day , I want to make an appointment and rush to pile up , when I am a superman ! ! ! !
I was wrong , I did n't expect to do t at all . wrong wrong 😣
I ’ m just stupid . I ’ ve been tossing around for a long time about asking for leave , thinking of various reasons , and even dreaming about how to ask for leave . As a result , the boss didn ’ t even ask questions today . I ’ m really… human , really don ’ t think too much
People , you should n't do things that are not suitable for you , but what is suitable for you , I really ca n't go up and down in my heart at the moment
When you are happy , you don ’ t have to be distracted . Remember to contact me when you are sad ❤️
Smile and go to sleep , my father has been watching me
In the night of insomnia , I really want to knock myself out , but I am afraid that I will hit hard and accidentally knock it stupidly , I just want to fall asleep ah ah ah ah ah ah
The news came too suddenly , like a bolt from the blue , I could n't believe it and could n't accept it
Even if you explain some words , there will be people who will pick on you and slander you . You have to understand that most people do n't see other people 's slanderous people . They will always cut their relationship with you immediately , and they will not be less . The audience of the show always shows up on time , but You should always be grateful to the sentient beings who gave you adversity , otherwise how could you achieve the invincible you in the future ?
I want to say that if I take Line 2 every morning , I will have internal injuries sooner or later .
Seventy days . I just saw that the person you dreamed of was thinking of you . Then do you dream of this baby every day ! But ... good night love you
I want to earn money to support myself , go to all the places I want to go , and treasure all the feelings that life brings , even if I 'm alone
After tossing for so long , it 's still roasted
When I was a child , I always had a dream in which my parents left bizarrely , and in such a dream , there would always be tears soaking the pillow . That kind of panic and fear , every child will understand . Separation does n't exist because you do n't care . The only angel in my life should be my mother .
I was so hungry in the middle of the night that I could only go to sleep silently . .
Why did I go to bed at 9 o'clock yesterday , but Weibo reminded me that I read 11.30 last time . Am I sleepwalking ?
Friends who sell a watch for hundreds of thousands of yuan in the circle of friends , why do you think we can afford it ?
The older I get , the more I want to go back to the beginning , the more I am afraid of losing my original intention .
Ca n't you be patient and have a good chat with others ! When can I learn to speak well , be a good person , chat well
Why does the scene in the dream appear again and what is going to happen ? ?
No internet , no TV , no door to go out ! However , you are still so hilarious !
Is it easy for me to be a girl , so it 's not easy , so hehehe , the last time is OK , fuck you
Why do I think I have a little bit of dementia . ca n't remember what it 's called
Inadvertent words can sting her , instantly dig out the scars that have been buried for thousands of years , spread out strands of strands , ruthlessly whipped repeatedly until hysterical eruptions ! Communication should be trembling and walking on thin ice . If it 's not sick pride it 's neurosis ! |Yuncheng·Salt Lake ...
In the morning , the baby called and said that she wanted to drink water . I said , the water is by your side , you can drink it directly . She said that she wanted to drink hot water . What will the baby do next ? , When will you be sensible ! Why !
Both ears were swollen to the point of falling out , but Ai Jialian did n't have the strength to get up to buy panadol
Wisdom teeth ! ! You try another swollen ! ! This cute baby is not happy ! !
Terrible ... I was so scared that I hurried to help expand , okay ? k
Good morning , Chengdu finally has the sun on a non-Sunday day
It 's time to go to bed , I swiped the screen today , and , if I guessed correctly , I have allergies . I will be kicked out of the classroom tomorrow . I ca n't remember the basic ballet training .
I just remembered that when I was a child , I could n't finish my homework and my parents helped me to write it anyway . Anyway , I did n't do anything like copying words . Now in college ... I have to write all night on my knees and tears .
In this world , will there be such a foolish person ? Yes , it 's me . I make the same mistakes again and again .
Being a kindergarten teacher is really a thankless profession , and I want to hang myself every minute .
There is a problem with the paper , the courier is lost , there is an extra meeting in the afternoon , headache , and lesson preparation . It 's boring today
Do you find this color scary ? [ Close your eyes ] [ Close your eyes ] Don ’ t be surprised , after the flow of people , customers use Yunzhiyan Xuelian paste to discharge it , why is it recommended to use our snow lotus paste after miscarriage❓ This is the reason❗You feel terrible if there are so many residues Are you [ nervous ] Tai'an Daiyue District
Big Bear Big Bear Big Bear can you tell me what 's going on ?
call ! ! ! I really saw what it means to be a brain-damaged fan , and my sister is mad at me .
Some people always say that we are ugly . Why is the back of the head so round ! Her nose is so flat , she has to pinch it every day , otherwise it will become more and more ugly . Wow sometimes I 'm really angry , no matter how ugly it is , it 's none of your business , please be merciful , it 's really annoying enough , as long as your family is good-looking , thin like a monkey , you can get rid of malnutrition
I really do n't know what to say about me as a person .
Bored . If it were n't for this broken unit , I would be in Changsha now . At this moment , I have been sitting on the radio and television waiting to be recorded . Round-trip airfare is cheaper than a hard sleeper . I arrived at the same time as my daughter in the morning . You can also wait for your luggage to leave the airport . Heartbroken to death . Mom is going to cook porridge again . Broken units go bankrupt and go bankrupt .
I want to say , what did you do to my belly for an hour , I lost a few centimeters , and my skin improved a lot . How did I find out that there is such a miraculous thing ?
( ๑´ڡ ` ๑ ) Putting on makeup for an afternoon and removing makeup for a night , I feel the strangeness of the world , the real and the unreal , are the same , shall we leave traces ? I still want to commemorate the first time I put on makeup , and I have embarked on a road that can be turned back .
Should I just take care of myself ? Too much nosy can be annoying , does n't it ?
What is a classy girl T_T Do n't eat junk food in the library and chew guoba loudly T_T
An uncomfortable day , a sad day , a very wrong day
I 'm about to cry ... some things are really not convenient things to give
Milan has n't seen the sun for two days .. I 'm about to get sick ... I want to eat yellow jokes
In fact , how can one go out alone without being afraid . Of course I wo n't tell my mother that I actually have the idea of ​​death every time I step on the high-speed train . I will be prepared for the worst , natural disasters and man-made disasters , no matter what happens , it is really only myself . But do what you want to do , because there is no other choice . The back of infinite freedom is also infinite fear # thinking too much # # After all , I 'm so tall and burly # # I do n't hurt others , it 's good #
Taiwan 's entertainment industry only 10,000 gifts ? I always feel that those artists have been a little bitter !
I just saw the chapter that someone said a secret , the real secret of the woman is not to die with the man , but to murder deliberately . If you think about it , it really exists , this baby is frightened .
They are all vying to be an official , and there are some who do n't want to be an official ! wasted brain cells
I 'm really heartbroken for my son . I have a cold recently and have a fever . I stayed up late to make photo albums for my son . I have n't taken care of my son . My son 's face is pale . You have to endure illness , have children , and take care of home cooking . His grandfather ca n't cook and does n't like to look after children . I just thought , who really loves to have a second child and wants a second child , I 'm so fed up
The longest , most comfortable earphones broke without warning ? If there is anything bad , take this opportunity to come
Getting 10,000 real damage by someone 's bun in the face
First time actually seeing snow , first time leaving footprints in the snow .
I will come to YY . Putin should do nothing for now , just stop Russian-Turkish flights and ask Russian citizens in Turkey to leave the country , so as not to fall prey to the fight against terrorists and their supporters . Then hang up to torture the nerves , let them taste the taste of being hanged every day in Europe now .
When drinking wedding wine , Zheng Suo actually said that the bride looks like me , embarrassing
Looking at the computer writing will make you blind , this baby needs a big hug
I hacked that security guard to death , the security guard pushed Wang Junkai out today , so distressed
I 've been living a tight life recently , and I do n't even have the money to buy a pair of slippers .
The dormitory is going to share the dormitory between the Chinese and the Chinese . For Maodu 's junior year , he has to torment me .
I think it 's so cute to watch other people 's TV shows in the subway and laugh so exaggeratedly . puff hahaha
After cooking , I don ’ t wash the pot , I throw everything into the sink , and I dump everything into the toilet , so it ’ s blocked at both ends for three days , and I don ’ t care about hygiene . The table is arguing , and the voice is as loud as a shrew , comparable to the roar of Hedong , who is the second landlord recruiting ?
Open a Thai horror movie . [ horrified ]
What 's wrong with my stomach ? It hurts after eating something 😭
Good morning ^_^ The highest temperature at noon today can reach 32 degrees , it is almost December , I think this is really a warm winter ...
When I heard that you were sick , I felt sad for no reason .
11-15 not a single shot ! No !
I hate this anxiety so much , the quality of sleep has been a lot worse recently ...
It 's not that I do n't want to go to the word rematch
The result of poisoning in the middle of the night for four consecutive days hahaha~ I feel a sense of achievement
When I first arrived , in order to lend money to workers for the Spring Festival , I drank heavily with rich friends and got drunk .
Go to the logo color matching , the small glasses are really cute !
After studying accounting for four years , I finally summed up so much . I love it very much , right~
Ten dollars is so beautiful , oops , regaining my love for Japanese
Madrid is now the fifth bullfighter , just the third and the fourth bullfighter . They were all overturned twice . The one in Figure 1 was directly carried off the field for first aid . It was horrible ! [ Frightened ] [ Frightened ] Spain·Plaza ...
I wipe , I 'm so mad at the old lady , you and his uncle , did n't you call earlier ! Pit people ! these liars
Today I tried one last time and it failed , and now I 'm giving up .
Tuesday morning . As soon as I entered the office , I was scolded by Longfang . Your uncle . Is the mood of the day still going ?
May the world be peaceful , the air is fresh , relatives and friends are well and the end of the period is over .
Cute little brother , cut his hair and still blowing bubbles
In the middle of the night , I was frightened [ sad ] . I wanted to escape to my mother 's room , but when I saw that it dared to fly to my bed and climb on my clothes , I was very angry . Although I was afraid , I stunned it and stepped on it . foot , and finally press it with the corner of the stool . But I 'm still so scared , I can hear the thumping of my heart , please go extinct [ sad ] , the neurasthenia is scared out of me like this , and some of them will fly [ slap in the face ] . Posted a general top ... full text
The brain of doing ass kicking is going to explode ! ! ! !
I went to the `` community '' of `` i Chunqiu '' for the first time just now , and found that a course evaluation activity was being held . A friend named `` Ph0enix '' made a very detailed comment on my two courses . I wanted to reply a few words to express my gratitude . But I did n't know what to say for a while , so I could only silently approve the friend 's suggestion and improve it in future courses . I am really impressed to learn such a serious friend .
Going home in December ! ! happy happy ! ! Ha ha ha ha
I really have no power at all . Today , my mother is in a good mood . A client comes to cut in the queue and says that I am in a hurry to do business , so I readily agree , but I am reprimanded by the supervisor .
Today , the head teacher said that his hometown is at the bottom of Qiandao Lake in Zhejiang , and I was stunned .
The husband and wife are both weird enough , and they are really hurtful . I hope the law will punish them severely to set an example .
My heart broke when I saw that my facial cleanser was delivered by China Post
It 's been half a year since I left school . It 's the first time I 've been away from my student days for so long . Life feels so empty and lost its color .
Unfortunate incident : The headband of `` love at first sight '' was lost , the swimming ring that `` accompanyed me for many years '' fell , I drank a large glass of water from a water dispenser that I had n't used for several years , and was almost caught when I got off the car .
iQIYI is so disgusting , cached programs still need membership , is this an industry monopoly or an overlord clause
The mobile phone is going to be disabled , and I ca n't say when it will be lost .
Do n't know what to say . . . Frightened to take the high-speed train . . . Crab , hold on for now , I 'll rescue you in 4 hours , Ling County , Dezhou
Every time I watch a TV show , it 's like I 'm lost in love
So boring , so boring , so boring , so boring , so boring , so powerless , so powerless , so powerless , so powerless , so annoying , so annoying , so annoying , so annoying , so self-willed , self-willed , self-willed , self-willed . But still so sad .
The game ended with a score of zero . Such a result is really unacceptable to a senior fan like me . After watching it , I just want to say , the Hong Kong team is shameless , the referee is blind ! Obviously in ! in !
22:30-06:22 A beautiful day begins , greet with a smile
On November 18 , Xinhuanet published an online review article `` Learn the Way of Employing People from `` Kirin Talents '' , pointing out that Mei Changsu 's talent `` can win the world '' lies in his deep knowledge of people and accurate selection of people . Choosing to assist King Jing , looking for Shen Zhui , Cai Quan and other events , he pointed out that his way of employing people is to put morality first , select talents and use energy , and be fair and upright . And at the end of the article , he emphasized that the way to be an official and employ people in these plays should also be the conscious adherence of current party members and cadres .
I was almost killed by a crazy taxi at Tongren intersection tonight ! The yellow light was gone , the red light was gone , and he rushed from the far-reaching accelerator , and I was just one step away from flying ! Sooner or later , this lunatic will ruin his own life by driving like this . It does n't matter , please do n't ruin other people 's lives !
All day long bbbb , more than a Tang monk !
Now time . I hope more and more that the world of the second dimension will not be changed . For those who I like , if I like listening to your songs ( cos , dubbing , etc . ) , I will no longer expect to meet you in the third dimension . I know what you look like , I do n't want to know everything about you in the third dimension , I do n't want to sign , I just wish I could just be in the second dimension , silently like and accept , all your glory and slander ( how did you do it all of a sudden ? )
Yes Yes ! That 's the right way things are going ! Neither abuse nor abuse , we reject BE ! Greasy , sweet and sweet !
When will you leave me with the pimples on your face , I 'm so sick of you
Gan Maomao , the weather is so hot , it makes me cold and hot , I have a headache
The atmosphere in the car today is so tense and embattled ! The mortal enemies have come ! 5 stores
I like you , I like you , I like you ! ! ! I 'm so thick-skinned because I like you . Do not seek profound , as long as simple !
I want to stop buying my hands for five days in a row ! Save money and buy my favorite book~ Eh , it ’ s really drunk that pirated copies are still so expensive . Thinking about it carefully , the genuine version is even more expensive , and suddenly I ’ m relieved ... Today I saw a super The big beauty 's Weibo , I am in a good mood~ Good night Minasang
Go to bed so late every day , so no one can tell me ? See what can I do ? hey , eat me ?
Ever since I recently thought of this lovely couple , I ca n't help but watch it again ! ! Not tearing , but healing , can always touch the softest corner of your heart , this is what I 'm talking about~
# Use the theory of classical conditioning to explain why I am afraid of lightning [ lightning ] # First of all , the terrible thunder is an unconditioned stimulus , and I am very afraid because it is unconditioned ; lightning was originally a neutral stimulus , and after many times of combination with thunder , became a conditioned stimulus , and a new connection was established between lightning and I was afraid , called conditioning . # 王瑞玉you are so boring [ squint ] # [ stands hands ]
At this point , I finally completed this historic task , ah ! It 's not easy , like getting a new life , I was so excited that I forgot to take a photo of my paper , and I borrowed a friend 's paper to keep a memory 🙏🙏🙏
I am angry ! . Damn chicken ! . Labor and capital have been flipping through the Weibo of the Natural History Magazine for such a long time ! So long ago ! so long ! ! . You stole my mobile phone and just returned ! . Obsessive-compulsive disorder is unbearable ! . I am someone who wants to be inspired to finish reading the Weibo of the naturalist magazine ! . I am very angry ! @ Meet you all the stars fall on the head
The AVIC Motion Control I bought yesterday , the bastard 's manuscript was taken away by Chengfa Technology ? !
No one is a fan , it is serious and black , my first recommendation is cls . which cls ? fuck you ?
Is this playing Detective Conan with me ? annoying ?
Time allows everything to settle down slowly , to care about something worth caring about
Begin - now , it 's the first anniversary , I 'm very happy , thank you for letting go of everything and staying with me every day
Recording myself today , the whole person feels bad ... the mood is dang to the bottom ...
All the way , smooth sailing . I love you . Minions
It was so quiet that I was a little scared , but I did n't have to rely on it , so I could only grit my teeth and push through ...
I hate memorization ! ! ! Become a source of negative energy ! Full of irritability ! !
I kind of miss the Tibetan area . This season should be the time for the spruce needles to rain down
These guys are so shameless ! ! ! It 's a disgrace to the country to joke about our lives ? ? ? ? ? ?
After eighteen , be happy every day , you must be happy
As a cat , I 'm under a lot of pressure ... Protect me ... I 'm afraid of being bitten by it ... Do n't come over the mouse ... // @ 慒你Reye
The national football team did not lose , but to the referee , the referee , the referee , the referee , the referee . I really want to kill you .
Become each other 's comfort step by step towards a better future
I do n't want to pay , I always want to gain . Are you an idiot .
Again hypocritical die you . Do n't live like a paparazzi , I 'm not a star , talk about my dry wool . fuck .
There is one less person in the world who will always care about me , always want to see me , always want to chat with me . I love you , you go slowly .
38W+5D It has been raining and it has been raining , and the people who are in it are irritable . When will the rain stop ! The key is that the rain boots I bought were still halfway there , and the courier did n't move , so I was really irritable how to go out .
Retreat learning is too resistant , physical strength drops rapidly ~ materials are not enough and physical strength is not enough~~ After thinking about it , I still have a good rest
I like this world , especially you . I believe that the time to meet you is the best time .
The kid in the backyard has the same nickname as me . Every time he does n't know where to go to play , his family yells at him in horror . Every time I hear it , I 'm very scared [ tears ]
As a young man who loves the country and the party , my remarks really ca n't be too radical . So I can only say , Radio and TV , is your whole family dead ? You do n't do things for the people and the people with your fucking money . Do you have nothing to do when you are idle ? I 'll go to your uncle , grass mud horse
# Forbidden City in the morning # However , the mobile phone has no traffic , and I ca n't save the high-definition pixels to make do with it . I hope there will be another heavy snowfall , and I will go to the Forbidden City again early in the morning .
Salty , oily , greasy ... Sore throat , unpleasant stomach , unpleasant whole body . It 's so sad to eat out .
When a couple is fighting , the world is too wide to be afraid !
Baby , Mama also worked hard today ! Good night !
Too ugly eyebrows too ugly eyebrows too ugly no matter how important it is
The 1120 ticket has not been posted ... I do n't know if the scalper has a ticket for me ! ! ! 1121 Evergrande tickets are expensive , I knelt down and called Grandpa ! ! ! so tired ! ! ! Evergrande ! ! ! want to go
Every day you put a book and you have to be messed around , and you can insert a needle when you see it . Is it interesting ? Damn , mess with me again , I 'll just throw the book in the toilet
It 's a beautiful dream , but it 's useless ...
Yesterday was really scary , I was going to die there after two more minutes ... [ Skull ] I 'm telling the truth ! `` The face is blue , the mouth is white '' It 's scary to think about ! It 's okay , okay , I have n't been paralyzed yet ... Otherwise , the ambulance [ ambulance ] ...
Which Tang monk is chanting the Hooping Mantra , his headache is about to explode
Nima , this kind of person should be castrated and shot .
( Look , is n't that from the photo ? ) After watching Shatao , I can sleep well. . .
By the late Ming and early Qing dynasties , China 's science and technology had significantly lagged behind Europe .
Painting is disgusting , practicing piano is disgusting . nothing disgusting
I solemnly announce 👏👏👏 we are together ! ! ! I 'm so sorry for hiding it from everyone for too long , we will definitely be happy hahahaha
Since you have not been able to eat and drink the scenery , you are self-denying and seeking truth .
I have to work hard to learn PS and get out of that hellish place . . . Now pretending to be full of fire ? ? . I 'm furious
After checking the address of the test center… ! 32 stations several meanings from the starting station to the terminal station
At that moment , I was very angry about all my habits and virtues~~~~~~~ Public space , I have no quality at all , you are used to it~~~~~~~
I could n't sleep well after a few days of excitement , only I know what kind of breakthrough I have achieved , just like the pig 's feet in a martial arts novel who obtained the peerless martial arts by chance .
Through running , I have met many handsome men and beauties , many great gods , and many people full of positive energy . I want to say that it 's good to know you guys , it makes me more confident to keep running . Good night !
Baby~ Where are you going from where you come from ? I want to keep you
Damn bitch , it 's not good to be dated a few times , sneer at me , I 'm prettier than you
I do n't know what to say , I just do n't want to talk , I do n't want to move , I do n't want to care about anything . If I 'm a few minutes late , my performance salary will be deducted for half a year . Ztmd is nonsense ! What crap , want to scold people ! ! ! I 'm suffocating my mother !
It 's not that I do n't play with my phone , it 's just that I do n't want to talk to me . Maybe everyone is busy and tired . I ca n't take care of myself , how can I care about my trivialities . I feel so stupid !
Pretending to be ignorant of anything , really resisting ! It 's like that person 's face says that strangers should not come near !
My brain is going to explode today ! ! ! The more troublesome , the more troublesome , the more troublesome. . what . . . . . .
Mushroom Liang , work hard , if you do n't work hard , you will still be the same today next year , just one year older , I wish you a happy birthday , thank you everyone
Reality has taught me that growing up is no longer who I used to be . Some people I really do n't want to pick on you .
I did n't expect to read the Tomb Raiders Notes again , I was quite scared , especially when I read it alone😣
Please tell me which system ringtone of the iPhone can wake up this old old phone all at once
Burberry has discontinued the series of lipcovers , which are moisturizing and colorful . Why is there no red ? Oxblood is a super positive color , which is very suitable for autumn and winter. . Forgot to bring it out today , there are no pictures
The car was posted at the door of the unit , and the parking fee was paid when I went to work .
ah ? ! How sad it is to be a doctor in China . Every time a wounded doctor happens to report and comment on a bunch of keyboard warriors clapping and applauding , it 's chilling enough . I never knew the police who rushed to the hospital would play such a role . It 's scary [ horrified ]
Maomao , who was jumping and jumping , suddenly became inactive . It hurts to look at her , but she does n't understand what she is saying . It 's so sad .
Listening to the bride 's speech on the stage , I think of us when we were young , we have grown up in the blink of an eye , and we are about to get married , and I am moved to cry ! Hope we are all well and happy forever
When I was in high school , I had no money and felt far away . At that time , I always believed that I would always be able to go to Japan to watch a 6-person con in the future . Later , it became a wish that I could never achieve in my entire life . So do n't wait any longer for things that can be done by hard work and do n't leave forever regrets . Finally , glhy , you are good enough , and I am very proud of you !
You put Pippi in the drawer , right
The Lun family was very excited and waited for a long time , but the result ... the violent courier had to wait for a long time again
I only slept for an hour at night after the big night . I just got home and I have to go back to the meeting . Nima , I was in a bad mood in an instant . I was irritable .
Pac-Man key case . It does not use the positive character sprites , but uses the red , yellow , blue and green ghosts of the negative characters . It is very cute to use it to install the key and hang it on the bag .
Who is using a VIVO smartphone to pretend to be me and post on Weibo ?
Chatting together , it still feels so cordial . Now that I think about it , I realize that everyone has not seen each other for almost three or four years . What is this concept ?
Not the way I like you , but the way I like all of you
I had n't slept yet , I was browsing Weibo , and suddenly the sleeping cat was screaming in the living room . I was so frightened that I suddenly woke up . After a while of silence , the cat came in . It used to sleep at my feet , but today it is I was very persistent . I kept pushing my head into the bed and digging into my arms . I was very tight . Maybe it was a nightmare just now . Now I just want to find someone to rely on . It fell asleep again .
A thousand words with the people you like , and not a word with other people . Only then will your love be worthwhile !
In the form of strong dialect and tongue-in-cheek , he tells stories from books such as `` Awakening the World '' and other books to everyone .
There is a scene in the afternoon , and I want to play it on the spot~ The TM 's did n't tell me in advance
It 's alright ... It 's just that the loneliness is more lonely than before , a little unacceptable
It 's still good enough for Huawei , and I was also attracted by Huawei 's Honor 4A !
Finally there is no rain . Slightly dry wind blowing , comfortable . happy .
Open a national chain of beauty and make-up schools , and produce beauty cosmetics named after themselves .
The dark circles under the eyes are too heavy . Today , I found out that there are so many people working hard . I deeply feel that the lazy look I used to be so annoying . I hope I can make it hard now
Today , I went to the restaurant of company b1 for the first time and ordered black pepper beef rice , but I only had 2 slices of beef ! ! ! excuse me ? ? ? For 29 yuan , will you give me 2 slices of beef ? ? ? ? Why do n't you grab it ?
I saw this in the Deyuan bar , the little brother is really good at pretending
I want to shove the car that was squeezing on the road with a machine gun .
The current me is not the me I like , but I still have to try to tolerate her and accept that she likes her and accepts her existence , because I know that she is real , a part that I can not discard , and something I must accept Part of it is the part we have to go through .
For this work efficiency , the management system has nothing to say
Someone said that I was the Great God Bo and she was my old nanny Fu Ziyu , and then she would leave the stage when I met my Jian Yao one day , which made my heart feel warm .
So is it a pastoral ( source ) combination ? Hahahaha , good morning baby
I 've been a little poor recently , very poor , very poor , poor until Double Eleven , I ca n't even chop my hands , I want to eat a lot , I want to eat boiled fish , I want to eat maocai , I want to eat hot pot , I want to go home
The youngest son has a cold . He threw up again last night , and pulled it again this morning . The temperature reached 39°C . I feel so sorry for my mother .
On the bus on the way back , there was actually Xiaozhi 's song and MV playing . I was a little excited , and even the dull air seemed to smell better .
I got the achievement : New Feature : Online Rewards !
Like cancer patients , at the moment when life is about to end , I miss those who want to see but ca n't , want to love but ca n't love
Mb 's
Huimin and I are fighting again on the issue of eating meat in the city
Sometimes I am particularly annoying to the people around me . I have the best feeling of not being in my life again in the future. . A must every day before going to bed is to lose your temper . I really hope that tonight , when I had a 9.3-magnitude earthquake , it would be the best if I fell asleep and died .
The flaming July ; it is also a somewhat contradictory season : in the blurred and changing scenery , it gives daunting fear . Stepping through the green and warm spring . Leaving the season of sowing ... ushering in the season of careful management : it is like passing through the elegance of youth ! It gradually becomes mature .
I 'm sorry , baby , it was your mother who hurt you . You have to leave your mother before you have time to take shape .
Panda can be pronounced as banda , M from Serbia instead of Italy , the last second class was a bit sentimental
What incompetent , brainless bitch parks like this , a group of people are waiting for him , is it possible to drive a Mercedes Benz so badly , parking indiscriminately !
I suddenly realized that I might not be the same person I was in junior high or high school anymore , I finally tasted the consequences of my actions
`` I thought love could fill up the regrets in life , but what creates more regrets is love . ''
Some people really like to take themselves too seriously
I was so drunk that I posted such a stupid Weibo and deleted Allclearup . I want to be quiet
Today 's East Station is a trip to Busan . The migrant workers are very conscious of jumping in the queue . They are very familiar with the road , and they are very natural . When the ticket is automatically collected , there is a master from the last qiá in front of me and said that my car is leaving soon . Get your tickets quickly . When he picked up the ticket , I glanced at the same time as mine ( suddenly I thought of the middle-aged electric car guy that my dad told me that he was most afraid of , and a series of `` brain fans , Internet mobs , and ordinary people '' ) Scary
I do n't know what to say , just broken thoughts . In the past few years , I have worked hard , and I have obtained what I want , and I have been recognized by customers . I have given gifts to my parents , and I can afford what I want . But these years , I still feel that I am not full enough , there is no plan , the goals are not clear , the books I read are too few , and the pace of growth is too small . My anger is just because of my incompetence , 2015 is almost over . It feels like another year wasted .
Happy birthday sister , it 's really nice to meet you
At this time , I have to complain about this school . Before the summer vacation , I asked foreigners who came to collect the certificate to stay in Wuhan during the summer vacation to wait for this certificate ? After that , I did n't answer the phone call every day , and now I rushed over for two or three hours . After seeing this , I went in on the 19th and I was also drunk .
Gaga , guess what this is ? ! Get up , the sun actually came out today , hurry up to dry your clothes , long time no see , Dad Sun
I have n't painted for a long time , it feels great , the long-lost fun , the lost beauty
How does it feel when someone eats melon seeds while you sleep !
I hate this kind of topic , it 's better not to talk to me
Although the theme of ghost marriage is not uncommon , this film uses a more creative narrative technique to create new ideas . The story is advanced separately from two seemingly unrelated clues , and finally merged in an ingenious way . The details are also more memorable . The disadvantage is that the scaring method is still the same as the old one . The stalk of waking up in a dream ca n't be boring anymore . The ghost bride 's shape has a Japanese style , and it feels a little intimidating in the background of folk music .
After practicing sports for 12 years , I will become a national athlete .
Looking at the thick piles of review materials , there is still little time left , and I want to cry .
I am completely speechless to Shunfeng . First , I sent the express as a general express to earn the difference , which caused the other unit to delay receiving the goods . This time , I sent both expresses to the wrong direction . I really TM service
For a long time , I have n't unlocked too many new achievements in life . I was so bored that I only watched a movie with a very interesting movie set and sang a hearty Mayday Xu Song special . Next month , I will have new achievements in life . I will work hard to pass the customs and rest assured that I am not that bad . I have always dreamed of you recently , and I like to cry , but I will never give up on myself .
I pray to have a transparent heart and tearful eyes 🌙
Finally , the make-up class is over , let 's have a rock and roll . try to be whatever you want
Before going to bed in the middle of the night , I suddenly miss the taste of a plate of fried Yuanxiao ...
The two old men next door are changing shifts , just like a wife is as happy as her husband is back
In the morning , the baby 's cry , my mother wakes me up , my sweet heart is beautiful , it 's so good to be with my baby , good morning dears
luckyme ! ! ! A little chicken jelly , , ,
I just want to say , can you take care of the central region when the north and south are arguing endlessly ? For example , Anhui is really cold and no heating every winter .
Beijing Jundu Tourist Resort is built next to Jundu Mountain . It has blue sky and clear water , pleasant scenery , small bridges , flowing water , green grass and deep courtyards .
For Geng Jingtong , she is a woman with sympathy and pity . I do n't know any regrets . I hope you will stay in it for the rest of my life . For Li Chun , I want to kill him for the first time in my life .
So annoying , annoying , annoying , and exhausting in the middle of the night . annoying to curse
Recently , it has become a lot more slippery , completely detached from the previous style of high cold and simple . And it 's a bit of a disadvantage , like a continuous learning process . I always feel bad , I do n't seem to like myself being like this . But after thinking about it , this ca n't be judged at all . It is the most correct and most important thing to make the people you like happy .
I 'm a little panicked now ... I do n't know what I 'm afraid of [ Tan Shou ] [ Tan Shou ] [ Tan Shou ]
I got off work at 11 o'clock tonight , and I have an early shift at 8 o'clock tomorrow . It 's still raining so hard , it 's still so cold , and there 's no dialogue . What do you want to do , and you have to go to work with people you hate ? Shit my rhythm ,
Why do I keep saying I did n't wash my hair every time I wash my hair ?
How I wish you would stand up like men to insomnia
A bunch of shit in the morning !
Comminuted fracture of the hand , can it be restored as before ? Why am I so sad ? What 's my idea ! When is the end !
On the fifth day of a cold , the first cold and fever ! My whole body was sore and tired , I just took a short walk , but I felt exhausted , even coughing and panting again ! Continue to go home and carry the bed plank , am I old ?
Fengfeng , I 'm so worried about you . I hereby wish you a speedy recovery . do you know ? When I knew you were sick , my heart was cut like a knife . Fengfeng , let me give you a task , this task is : take good care of yourself , make your illness get better quickly ... and do n't be brave when you 're too tired from work , do n't make us worry ! The bee is heartbroken , I love you
Sometimes I am really afraid of becoming a middle-aged person . Middle-aged people are really scary and scary . Young people talk about the world , new inventions , new trends and new changes , love and dreams , careers , life confusion , sports Celebrities talk about culture , but when it comes to middle-aged people ... they only have to talk about houses , money and children . It 's scary , and I 'm really afraid of becoming middle-aged .
When I was in high school , I had no choice but to study hard . In college , I had more choices but I was even more tired . People still need a goal to spur themselves
We always want to forget things we do n't want to remember
My children are lazy and often don ’ t do their homework . I feel very sad . I ’ m in the sixth grade of primary school , and I don ’ t know what to do .
When a foodie has something delicious~Look at that Dese look
Yi Yang Qianxi , young man , I 'm studying hard , but every day confession is indispensable . Let Pippi accompany you today. . Like you is really a very normal decision I made , what do you think ? Because you are so good , I also want to make myself a little better , so I ca n't always swipe Weibo , I want to take the first test .
What kind of person is the most afraid of meeting in life communication ? I think the most terrible one is a person who infiltrates almost all your circles and everyone around you is a good friend , best friend , friends all over the world . Seeing a group photo When you meet a new friend and you find out that he and your new friend are friends with different passwords and nicknames , maybe it 's a good way to communicate , but it ca n't help but make me uneasy and scared
At night , I think about the past and I ca n't sleep in the future . It 's very bright and warm .
In memory of my remains , pray for blessings at the Confucian Temple in the Immunization Laboratory
& quot ; The more I grow up , the more afraid of losing , so I know how to cherish and cherish those people and things that are very important to me . & quot ; # Editor'sDaily # Our fear of death is because we are afraid of those who have been silently accompanying each other who care about each other . Before we can make a difference , they have already left early , and it is too late to make the last bid farewell .
Well , my parents have n't paid me this month . I 've been living a life of eating dirt since the cost of living is one thousand and eleven .
Features Luo-shaped , yellow and white , clear layers , rich coconut flavor , moderate crunchy .
Oops , I still feel so bad now , if I had n't reported a fluke and reminded me at the time , it would n't have happened ,
What are you doing , this is not a fan meeting ! ! !
All the bad things have come together , what the hell !
Maybe it needs to be realized by the picture in your mind , maybe it depends on the discovery and moving at a certain moment , maybe you can make a big difference , but it does n't matter , you can give what you want .
Korean dramas are not allowed to be broadcast , American dramas are not allowed to be broadcast , and Hong Kong dramas are not allowed to be watched . Now even the TV box is blocked . It seems that I know the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television . What else do you want to block ? What do you want to stop playing ? Is it possible that the citizens will watch domestic dramas and you wo n't block them ? In addition to blocking and blocking broadcasts , what else can you do ?
Today , a 60-pound cat food was delivered . There is no elevator at my house . The courier moved 40 pounds . I took another 20 pounds of cat food and flew to the middle of the 5th floor without resting and not tired . I was surprised by my physical strength .
Terrified . . . Go to the post bar to search , and there is no beauty. . what a taste
7 Double Eleven is over , this month 's living expenses are gone , just live the rest of the month
The same situation , different people , different dreams , and finally different life paths . Only by giving full play to our own value can our happiness be in our own hands . Happiness is created by oneself # snowfall #
so tired ! The body is often not better than before
Happy to finish the last birthday that begins with the word
Ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't ca n't do it
After watching `` Walking in the White Night '' day and night , I have mixed feelings and inexplicable sadness . Reading the online reviews is even more sad . The only time the male and female protagonists appear in the same scene when they grow up is life and death , and walking hand in hand in the sun has become a luxury that can never be achieved .
# tea farmer was licked by a dog # I really want to be scared to death by this news . In mid-July , I was bitten by his dog at a Lasha friend ’ s house . I was bitten with my index finger and didn ’ t break the skin and didn ’ t bleed . I washed my hands vigorously with soap and didn ’ t get vaccinated . I 'm scared to sleep now ! ! But we all know that the onset of rabies is because of this news . I really ca n't believe it . I 'm really scared .
At least the face is good , at least the figure is good , at least the French I learned , I have not forgotten all the bad things will pass . Well , I like myself now .
Everyone has to ride that Noah 's Ark , but only hard work can squeeze in , cheer for tomorrow , do n't give up
happy graduation
I went home and played with Haohao . I made him unhappy . I said : I 'm sorry ! Hao said seriously : Saying sorry is useless ! After a while , he said : hang up to beg ! Where did you learn this ? When I asked my mother-in-law , I found out that it seemed like an aunt in the kindergarten when the child was not well behaved , she would say , I ca n't afford to hurt , I have to improve it .
It ’ s another ten-day long holiday . Wake up at noon➕Afternoon Mahjong➕Evening Mahjong➕Night supper cycle cycle cycle
One of my favorite words is eat , my two favorite words are travel , and my favorite three words are your name .
Annoying people
I was scolded again this morning , I 'm in a bad mood to say that I did n't have a good attitude towards dating , I was always hanging around and telling me to get out Hair is angry because when I saw her scolding me , she kept staring at my head . I was in a bad mood . I ran away from home and wanted to
Probably understand why `` old people '' love Warcraft , because it is a real team game , if one person makes a mistake or commits two mistakes , it will lead to a new comeback , and they will not blame each other , but think about cheering for the next time , People from all over the world complete a task as a friend , so happy
I got up early ... I was about to leave , I vaguely felt that something was wrong , only to find that the child was sobbing in the bed for a long time It collapsed in an instant , and I do n't know if this persistence should continue ...
Thank you for your happy wedding , we are together again ! Ten years in the blink of an eye
My mother went to the temple , the empty house , and I was the only one , still very afraid of loneliness , very afraid of myself , still dreaming , still crying I really want to go play and go to Chimelong . After a trip to Xiamen , I will go to Sanya to take wedding photos . I hope that I can achieve what I think in the future . I will go back to Gan'an in the afternoon and see my classmates . I am afraid of embarrassment and fear .
Happy nineteenth birthday to me ! Alone can be fine
My most precious baby I met you at the best age 18 years ago we were in two worlds but from the 19th year you are my world I will be with you MyDestiny
I 'm catching up with the customer service staff day by day , and whoever TM offends will have to accept it ! I 'll teach you how to work ! Do you still have the obligation to teach you how to speak and be a person ?
There is a kind of helplessness that I think I ca n't get a loan . I ca n't even apply for the temporary quota , so sad
Oops , I have n't drawn me for a long time . Today I got a picture~~Why is there such a handsome blue and purple in the world
On a rainy and rainy morning , a cup of brown sugar and ginger water , a quick donkey-hide gelatin cake , it 's great , a beautiful one starts to pull
Today , I almost forgot to post a Weibo post to celebrate the moment when I passed the teacher qualification exam . This semester I have passed the first grade of Mandarin , and the qualification certificate has passed , so there is only six grades left , and there will be a IELTS battle next year . This is how the dream is realized step by step , and I always believe that , do n't forget the original intention , and you will always be there . tigersniffstherose
The happiest thing is to go home and come home to be a princess
The campus has complete teaching , office and living facilities , advanced equipment and complete functions .
I 'm going to cry , my phone is broken in order to swipe tickets to switch on and off airplane mode
I remember to put color on the white paper I strive to be a better me as long as I get something I do n't care about minor injuries After all , the power of the spirit is so powerful you ca n't imagine how far you can go justkeepmoving
These days , I spend every day with the two babies , completely immersed in happy little days . I don ’ t care about the outside world or other people ’ s affairs , so I summed up for myself what to do at what age and what kind of things to do in what environment
Toothache is not a disease , it hurts really badly ... Wisdom teeth are really killing me , and I have to pull four ! Painkillers , do n't stop !
Every time I lose my temper , I feel guilty and annoyed in my heart , but I ca n't keep my face down . I know that the people who love me the most will tolerate me infinitely , but I vent it to them , it 's so bad for me
End the midterm exam soon , otherwise I 'll really be exhausted here ...
Alexander , the boss knows that he wants to , and keeps asking ! ! ! ! is for performance
For Sa use my avatar for Sa ! Do n't you get upset when you swipe Weibo by yourself , girl ?
I do n't know how to comfort you when you cry
Damn it , I really stepped on shit today , damn it , it 's annoying
I 've never been to Turkey , some people say it 's instant coffee , where did the water in it come from ? So amazing ?
Fluttering prayer flags , spinning prayer wheels , peaceful chanting sounds , flying wind horses , blessings from the six-character mantra , blessings from Buddhas and Bodhisattvas ... 🙏
@ Shenzhen Public Security Shenzhen Public Security I 'm also drunk , what else can the police and coordinators in Songgang Xinggang City do besides catching over-standard electric vehicles ? . I locked a car with a lithium battery and it was stolen in the parking lot in less than 20 minutes . I wanted to call the police , but after thinking about my previous police experience , I can only describe it with the same words. . . . . . .
I 'm going to fuck you , just read Weibo , do n't be rude , talk shit , your brain is in full swing
The rhythm is fast , and I am apprehensive ; the tempo is slow , and I am apprehensive . . . No one has roundworms in their stomachs . . . Does soulmate really exist ? Where ?
Last night , Chelus conquered the `` European giant '' Barcelona with a strong will . Tonight , I will watch Real Madrid challenge the Bundesliga Bayern Munich at the Banabe Stadium at home , and support C Lang ! ! ! ! ! Final~~~~~RoadToMunich , ForTheChampion ! ! ! ! !
I had a fight with an old man in my dream , and woke up with a sore body . Do n't I know that I still had a fight with him ?
What 's wrong , Kou Kou is always showing off-site logins this week , especially wanting to explode !
Looking at them is like seeing my old self , with a glimmer of hope and innocence in my heart . They talk about games . I am grateful that I didn ’ t forget what was most important when I was immersed in games . Talking about love , I am grateful to those who The girls who passed by in my life made me feel the warmth and warmth of the world , and when I talked about the society , I was grateful that there was still a trace of warmth in this world that gave me a healthy body . Life is a lonely and wandering life .
The clothes in the two stores have no clothes to wear . Every day , it is a headache to wear what to wear .
SF Express and I have a grudge . We started calling after seven o'clock this morning . What the hell is this sent ?
There are two kinds of crises . When Lehman Brothers or the two houses collapse , people do n't necessarily flee to gold and silver , they are more likely to flee to the US dollar or US Treasury bonds . The old man calls it a financial crisis . However , when the U.S. national debt crisis broke out , more people were destined to squeeze the escape for gold and silver . The crisis at this time was called a currency crisis ! And it 's a world reserve currency crisis ! We do n't know when that day will come , but maybe someday in 15 years .
Hehehehe , there are still 3 revised manuscripts , and at least 7 manuscripts must be recited before 6 o'clock . I really want to eat shit .
Scared the baby ? ? After 3 months of soaking , how much moisture and toxins does this acne have .
It 's terrible , the numbers on the ten-year bill frightened me [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ] I feel like my mother will definitely put my head in my crotch when she finds out [ tears ] [ tears ] [ tears ]
None of the good expectations have come true ... Do n't expect people to understand you even if it 's the person closest to you ...
The baby is about to freeze to death ? ? ? ? ? ? In line at the subway entrance to walk through the maze , the big men behind me will squeeze past me one step , forget it ! Anyway , this kind of person has no female votes in his life ! Damn it ! Smelly gay ! ! !
Taxing bicycles and other non-motor vehicles and tractors , but not taxing vehicles of administrative institutions , is obviously unfair and can not reflect the country 's policy of benefiting farmers .
I 'm mad at me , mad at me , mad at me , what kind of rotten people !
Happy 2nd anniversary , although there have been quarrels in the middle , it 's been two years in a blink of an eye
It 's so scary , I really want to die when I think about being tormented by this kind of fear at night when I 'm shivering
Starting today , I will be 20 years old , and according to the Marriage Law of the People 's Republic of China , I can get a license . Haha , happy birthday to myself , make a wish !
I was really pissed off by the neighbors . I could quarrel for two hours . After the quarrel , I had to go to my door to chat . The voice was so loud that I was really drunk .
I came here specially to wait for me to go shopping for dinner after get off work . I am really happy today .
I was so upset that I wanted to fight with someone . Today , I slapped an old fried dough stick on the face . I 'm a bit tangled now , worried that this matter will affect my reputation , but my reason tells me : I do n't express my emotions , I do n't have any scruples ! It 's really fucking hard to fight with old fritters
Do n't be wicked for small things ! ! ! ! ! Especially for some people ! ! ! ! ! !
I 'm going to be pissed off by my cat🐱 ! Run into my bed while I 'm not home
In order to support my stupid son , I am going to sell blood for glory , I am so sad
I 'm really annoyed , get a haircut and sell this and that , what if the hair follicle necrosis will lead to baldness in the future . Nima , if I 'm really bald , I 'll learn Xu Zheng . JJYY 's . It 's really hard to find a true haircut . Next time I do n't drive to cut , I will say that I am a poor guy who has no money and just gag it .
Maybe the students thought it simply and said that no one listened to the traffic lights at the north gate , and no one asked the students ' opinions . There was a major traffic accident in the second picture . . . you have no children in school
Another point of view : I have said earlier that there are no so-called Syrian refugees in Europe . It was an organized and premeditated movement to invade Europe . How come there were not so many refugees pouring into Europe in the former Yugoslavia , Iraq , and now Palestine ? Christianity and Muslims have been torn apart for two thousand years , and the EU ca n't see through this ? ? ? ==This is really scary . Who is playing such a big game in the world ?
Brother Xi , who was discharged from the hospital and returned home , made me nervous every day and every moment . Repeated diarrhea for unknown reasons , a little cough and two sneezes would make me nervous . I 'm really afraid of being sick . I really do n't want to go through the days of being hospitalized in a pediatric hospital . I do n't want to see Brother Xi 's unpleasant wheezing , the look of fear of injections , and the inability to tell how he can only cry . |Chongqing·Hanyu ...
The most annoying time in the four years of college
With such a golden philosophy , Ben Bao was completely stunned !
This is the fastest delivery in the history of Double Eleven , but it was a surprise to me who never looked at the size ( I thought it was a small portable , but I did n't expect it to be so big )
Mom , just commented , and more than 100 people liked me
Depend on the people I love . It 's the best I can think of that I want right now .
Is there a good way to treat back pain , I do n't know why it 's so sad that I keep twisting my waist
After the night shift , the mobile phone must be silent , and a phone call is annoying .
The old woman , Nima , glanced at my resume and sneered. . .
Attack power terror [ horrified ] [ horrified ] [ horrified ]
Watching EltonJohnconcert , before singing believe , he said that he believed in love , and also believed that there is a long-term love suddenly thinking of larry , I hope they can do the same one day , in front of many fans , say love loudly !
I do n't seem to be able to do anything well , it 's such a failed life
3M is committed to sustainable development by actively engaging in environmental protection , fulfilling social responsibility and promoting economic development .
I keep forgetting to say that the deer in Nara scared me so much that I almost cried too much and there were people around . The most terrifying thing is that the stags are so scary
I finally know why I have a bad life. . .
It 's 26 , let 's take a selfie of 25 to commemorate ... Work hard
If fate decides my success or failure in everything , then I will also do what I want to do that is worth doing .
The most beautiful and charming drum girl I have ever seen !
Nightmares are frightening , my hands and feet are numb , I 'm afraid to lie quietly alone , the scene in the nightmare always emerges , and I ca n't fall asleep . Let 's get up .
How to do . There are people who can only have fun occasionally . But when I mess with me , I want to rush in front of him every minute to shit him
I met a mad dog in the post bar , a scolding battle~ It 's a fucking day for a dog !
Brother Aniu , who was eating three taels , was overeating and shouting that I want to lose weight 💔 I ca n't lose weight anymore
Girlfriend 's Rage quartet . . . I was surprised at the end
I am very tired to have a mentor who likes to talk halfway , ask a question for a long time without answering , and spend a day talking about everything .
In the case of double 11 express delivery , only SF Express insists on sending each piece upstairs to check the name and sign for receipt . Other couriers can put it in the express cabinet or ask to go downstairs to get it . Where did Shentong throw my baby 's clothes ? Write me a signed receipt !
Like I do n't dare to talk about permanence to you , even the sky knows that behind this trivial sadness , everything is not uncommon .
I have been trying to learn to reject and retain , both of which make me feel really powerless , good night
Every time I see a lot of hot comments about the dung boy , they all disappear in the end . I have contacted several bloggers , and they all say they are unbearable for harassment and delete it ! Holy crap~ Since it 's really annoying , everyone will bring it up . How can they create an illusion of harmony ? Since idiot fans like blatant love , then we blatantly curse ! Let the brain-dead people dare not love so blatantly
I threw myself into the bed , only to find that I could n't fall asleep . I was suddenly a little emotional . I just wanted to sigh softly and continue my life .
Something is wrong ! After the notice , the meeting will be added on Tuesday night . What is the situation ?
The garlic that was planted on the ground was shoveled by the property ... Nima at least tell us , let 's do it ourselves and make this ghost !
What bad weather and broken heating. . It 's just so empty and lonely
I received the study notes today . I deliberately looked at everyone 's notes . Well , I wrote very carefully . I have already written the twelve lessons . Well , I only wrote the third lesson .
Those things that are done purely out of love make people happy .
Ah ah ah ah ah~ there is a stupid girl in the company who really likes to pretend to be coercive . I am most annoying to this person . I usually hate hypocrisy to please my boss , but I ca n't provoke me anyway . It 's a gibberish that ca n't be stopped , stupid , stupid , stupid . What kind of work are you still doing , you idiot , you are really mad at me , and you have to get mad at me every noon every day .
Every time I pass through this old community , I ca n't help but stop and admire the scenery along the way . Because of the old community , the first floor was built by the owner to become his own private garden , and I really feel very comfortable and comfortable . Although the owners are piled up with all kinds of sundries , it is also the accumulation of various vegetables and flowers in life .
I 'm looking forward to receiving the courier and I 'm not in the mood to arrive . Why is it stuck in the distribution center and not delivered to the destination for a few days ? !
uh ..... I 'm just a dead fat guy with low self-esteem and conceit ...... uh ...... it seems like this ..
I really want to swear again ! Mr. Xi , can you stop visiting here and there ? Can you come back and take care of people 's livelihood ? Do you know that ordinary people live in a dire society without legal protection ? ?
Sigh , I saw abuse before going to bed , but I ca n't say abuse , life and death are separated from life , sigh , sigh , sigh ...
A miserable day for a girl who eats dirt
Too much negative energy recently , this is really bad , bad
The whole society has formed a good atmosphere of attaching importance to cultural construction and enthusiastically participating in cultural construction . The urban cultural taste has been significantly improved , and cultural construction and economic construction have promoted each other and developed together .
I 've been putting a lot of stress on myself lately . . . so . . . Just used the shampoo as a body wash ! Surprised after taking a shower
It hurts my stomach to meet such a scumbag boss
Baby , today is the first day of your rest , I ca n't accompany you and take care of you by your side . I feel so helpless , are you feeling better now ?
What do you hate ? If you say this is a training for me , I want to say that it is okay to not make me irritable every day →_→
Ah , it 's raining again ! It turns out that it is the day when everyone runs 800 . The goddess seems very happy to see the rain
My day , is there no one around my husband ? ? ? ? So many people around him ? ? ? ? ?
I curse , I curse , steal clothes , kill the whole family , kill the whole family , do n't call me vicious , 😢😡😡
Criminals who traffic in human beings should be shot directly . The current legal sentence is still too low .
Seeing that some others are off work , I am still looking at the door , my heart is broken
Pain , helplessness , and the sense of desperation that I can only truly experience~
horrible ! ! ! So scary ... the child must be held by himself
The baby is testing my patience . Tolerate . Tolerate . Tolerate .
Do n't be too happy , Rou Rou actually liked my Weibo , what a happy day today
baby ! Am I your mother-in-law ? You actually made my arm look like this ! I would n't know if I had n't seen it in the shower ! It scared me to death ! After thinking about it for a long time , I remembered that you kicked , kicked and pinched when you were making a noise before going to bed ! So aggrieved ! You are the only one in our family who dares to be so willful !
Have you ever thought about others , is it not a matter of other people 's affairs , your own affairs are bigger than the sky , helping once is enough , and you have to be cheeky , do n't throw a bunch of mess to me .
Finally , this decision made me think that people in the south are not cold . Children in the north are frozen into dogs in the south .
When you leave , I have nothing to worry about . I can see your things when I wait for the elevator . I occasionally hear your name when I take the elevator . I often hear people talking about you when I work . Your photos ... I have mixed feelings in my heart , and I ca n't have superfluous expressions on the surface
One 's life should be lived for oneself ... should love oneself ! Do n't care too much about what others think of me , or what others think of me . In fact , how others measure you also depends on how you measure yourself .
The passenger plane landed in a crosswind , and the 737 Prague Airport staged a thrilling scene ! The captain immediately pulled up for a go-around . When landing , the downwind sheared suddenly , and the whole fuselage suddenly sank . The right landing gear should be overloaded on the ground . After falling and bouncing up again , it is necessary to do the inspection of the rear landing gear structure . It 's really scary , I guess I 'm scared to death when I sit in it , and I 'm afraid of flying . |Second shot video
Why does wb blocking charge money ! ! It 's really annoying not to let the home page next door clean !
I actually started to catch a cold again , TMD is pissed off my old lady
2015-11-07Infinite 's second tour in Manila , Philippines , how can this hairstyle be so cute
In the future , I will try my best not to ride a motorcycle , and it is better to walk for 15 minutes than to be frightened on a motorcycle . This man ran the red light so fast that he even answered the phone on a motorcycle with one hand . Scared me .
If you are in a bad mood , it 's just a matter of time . When will you let the old lady go ?
Who killed a thousand knives and took the candy from my schoolbag I hate you
This is the first love letter written by Mr . He . As expected of a Chinese teacher , I have a good literary talent . Although I didn ’ t write my handsome face on it , I felt the deep love and I will definitely not let this love down .
This kind of person is simply not worthy of being called a human , just pull it out and shoot it !
Thank you for your continued presence . Although you do n't often talk about love , you always prove it with actions
A gardenia blooms on the balcony , making the home fragrant for four days
Why are big-faced fat cats being spoiled by all kinds , and big-faced fat people being all kinds of . . . . . Oh forget it . . . . . But I still ca n't help but ask : what 's wrong with the big face ! I want to lift the table paper
I just want to cry hard , someone to hug when I 'm sad
Days248 Now you can sit by yourself for a while , as long as you have something in your hand , such as toilet paper , but when no one is watching you will tear it and stuff it into your mouth at lightning speed , alas , everything in your mouth You ca n't eat what you can eat and you who are drinking milk at this time seem to know that I 'm talking about you , bite me again and again with your mouth full of eight teeth , it hurts to death , that 's all , I 'll pry it open your mouth
Winter is here , and the continuous rain gives people a dull feeling , and it feels that the complexion is not dull .
It 's such a blessing to see each other every day
No more stomach pain , so happy ! We have guests at home today , come on ! Good morning !
Thank you , I have a lot of blessings , I will post this page first
This nightmare is driving me crazy . Really woke up . that startled
I like my time . Look at the people you like and know about them ... If you have pure land in your heart , there will be sunshine ...
Things that I once thought would never happen have been experienced at such an inopportune age ; things that I once thought have been forgotten are still lingering in my heart ; things that I once thought would no longer exist ; Farther and farther away ... but I ca n't say anything ... the past and the future ...
Just like you , save some face for your mother , the sun , your ancestor
It 's the 100th day . Yesterday was the 99th day . I actually thought of it , but I did n't say it . Today , I have to make up for it . May you all live happily and peacefully . The obsession and truth for most of my life are only each other again , little brother , welcome back , miss you , miss you
Life slowly began to take every step , saying that my parents were poor before , but everyone was poor before , so although poor , it is not as big as the gap between the rich and the poor , which creates fear . I want to enter the middle class , and I want to go to a big city to buy a school district house for my children . I feel scared when I think that the average price is so expensive , the taxes and fees are so high , and the education will cost so much money in the future . Forget it , raise the cost of food and clothing to a level and see how much money is left .
No matter what you do , what you say , good or bad , right or wrong , someone will always say something good or bad behind your back , everyone is the same , I should understand
Third grade second class ! It is estimated that the head teacher will be pissed off .
My child 's grades are messed up , should I take care of it or not ?
After tonight , talk less and do more . Think more , do n't make jokes , and try my best to get rid of the bad habit of talking shit . ( Poor mental quality , I am easily depressed , I don ’ t want to offend people 😔 )
It 's the first time to spend a birthday night for a little friend , and I 'm a little excited .
Early-morning benefits ~~ Full of energy from the morning ~ ps : There is another photo that can pretend to be a boyfriend .
Eat only one meal a day , you can be alive and kicking
Humans have a terrifying desire to spy into the hearts of others , to communicate their panic , to take comfort in the fact that others are as sad and fearful as themselves , to manipulate others , and to be complacent when they learn that they are being influenced by them . These are unspeakable , demons in our hearts .
I do n't like Hangzhou . Every day is smoggy , cold and humid , and I can hardly see the blue sky . like going home
The rain ca n't stop . It 's so annoying . Can you let me dry my clothes ! !
I have n't cleaned blackheads for a long time and there are many [ scared ] [ feared ] babies who wear makeup must clean up blackheads regularly because the residues of cosmetics will clog the pores and if they are not cleaned , the pores will become bigger and bigger .
When will I not have to go to school , I 'm losing sleep again
I had a nightmare this morning about a professor who used high technology to exchange teeth with someone else [ tears ] I really had a dream of getting a wisdom tooth ... and it was a tooth connected to a tube and the teeth were replaced in an instant [ tears ] The professor in the dream is really scary [ tears ] I was really worried about dentistry before . In fact , South Korea is not as expensive as I thought [ tears ] and the medicine has to be bought at the pharmacy with a prescription . To be honest , the service is well done and super detailed
This snoring , even the girl sighed helplessly , asking us how to sleep acridine ? Mother-in-law , please let me go ! ! !
Completely missed the time to go to bed ... Insomnia and hungry !
I am glad that you have always been from your grandma , your grandfather to grandma , grandpa , from your mother who said that you don ’ t have to wait for dinner at your own house , from your mother willing to take me to meet every family member , from aunt to mother , from your home to our family , thank you
11:30 to 12:00 is the most painful time of the day
On Monday morning , Line 13 station , never take the subway again ! ! ! It took 20 minutes to enter the station , and Nima , the stinky foreigner , go home ! ! ! !
In the past few days , I have been lethargic and often feel sleepy , but I do n't feel fatigued , but I feel more tired and tired .
From 2006 to 2007 , the VQ35DE engine applied to Dongfeng Nissan Teana made the VQ engine continue to win the `` World 's Top 10 Engine Award '' , and achieved the industry myth that the VQ series engine has won this award for 14 consecutive times .
Why is it always tiring to be an adult when it rains heavily when I do n't have an umbrella and wait for the bus at work ?
I can always meet strange people , I 'm really impatient , and I 'll come out straight out of my temper
Hehe , three years is no more than one month ! In exchange , who are you . I want to eat people now
Go to sleep ... cut me off without saying a word ! how to charge mobile phone
Before I knew it , this guy has been with me for four years . It has become a part of my life . I hope you will always be healthy and always be with me and be happy forever .
Change is always too late , no one can go back to the past and start over , but everyone can start today to create a new future . A good day starts with trying a change ! good morning~
After working out , a light hot pot is also good , and the friends are quite powerful
I 'm going to sleep with my favorite doll in my arms like the silly and sweet heroine in an idol drama . Good night , my little dog
It ’ s raining so hard outside , I can ’ t sleep . How are you in the distance ? I ’ m going home . I don ’ t want to go out anymore . We ’ ve really become each other ’ s past .
The first snow made me laugh and cry , the hazy morning was especially beautiful , I made myself laugh on the way to work , the two-wheeled vehicle turned into a four-wheeled vehicle , and the 15-minute journey took an hour . As for this year 's snow , I can only laugh clatter . Much joy .
Dreaming about sleeping is the most terrifying , the environment is the real scene in life , and then wake up in the dream . Once I was staying in a small hotel , I dreamed that I woke up from sleep and saw an old lady sitting at the foot of the bed , and I woke up really scared .
The steamed egg custard is delicious , I forgot to put the oil
If you love someone , why should you let go ? If you love someone , you should be together . Life is so short , do n't waste your life arguing and fighting .
Every time you interview , you can meet alumni who are very close to you . This trip back to Qingyuan is not like an interview , but more like a friend meeting haha Her family prepares a large table of delicious food , you know me too well
sm added another Dalian farm
Come on scissors , go to sleep , good night everyone~
When I was a primary school student , I was carefree , but when I entered the university , I was no longer the same person I used to be . No matter what happened , I would always tell myself to be more optimistic and be stronger . If you have a brave heart , difficulties will always pass . There is no obstacle that can not be overcome , and sometimes it is so close to the door , you can do your best , so no matter what happens , you must persist and face it !
The world has gone crazy ! Just got back for another meeting tomorrow ! ! What are you going to do !
It 's really annoying to hear the screeching voice in the bedroom every day .
Your wish is so cool , I like it too , then I 'll be looking forward to it , and then I 'll leave within 24 hours
I can eat a warm breakfast every day and then spend a fulfilling day . Now my life is very secure . There are always small surprises in life . This is my little fortune .
I 'm so pissed ... stinky pig rotten pig big rotten pig ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
bitch ! ! Forget it , it ca n't affect my mood just because you 're cheap , you do n't deserve it
Hongtashan tastes good , this orange must be excellent too
League of Legends is getting more and more disgusting now , I will never play again
The best love words are I love you from the mouth of a lover
Big head , big head , big numbers , insensitive to these , I 'm going crazy
I feel like I have nothing to do , just 0 traffic . Do you have to upgrade to 2G ! ? want to be rough
I 'll dump him liao first ! ! ! ! You two will come on ! ! I 'm going crazy and I 'm hitting myself ! ! ! I can even pick up a trash can and kill him ! ! ! ! ! @ OlympiaOllie
pretty ! ! ! Kaikai , the painting is so beautiful , the details are well drawn
Tomorrow I extended the visa , and found that the insurance certificate was done too early , so one day I cleaned the room by myself and took it out of the drawer , then tore it up and threw it away , and then Deutsche Bank sent me another Mastercard for no reason . I was also drunk , the day after tomorrow , I recorded a video , and I don ’ t know where the score went , and I will perform tomorrow night , what and what ! !
When is it ! ? Eating on the bus is what or what ! ?
Yunda Express hurried the dog leash yesterday morning and said delivery ... Nima has not had a dog leash until now ! ! ! !
He was so cute when he was a child , but the longer he grows , the more crooked he is . Now he can only use stupid cuteness to describe cuteness .
In the blink of an eye , my parents were in their 40s . It 's been most of my life . Still useless . Do n't be afraid of being tired , just be afraid that your parents wo n't be able to enjoy the happiness
Happy birthday , I hope you are happy every day , study hard , and make progress every day , little nigger .
Someone just flew back from France last night and saw the news in the morning , it was scary ! !
After watching the song in the cloud last night , my whole body feels bad ... Emperor Xuan is so handsome
Thank you to these hard-working staff , the success of the first Wanglaoji Youth Run is inseparable from your hard work ! ! !
The 45th anniversary edition 85ml released at the beginning of the month , not to mention , the purple bottle is famous .
Whether it 's snowy , rainy , cloudy , or sunny , it 's a sunny day to see you . Good night , little Wang Ji !
Oh shit ! The old lady can scold you and say it out loud with the strength of breastfeeding
Open your eyes and see that this world is wrapped in silver , it is supremely beautiful , your heart follows , cool down and good morning , earth !
He could n't sleep in the middle of the night , because he remembered that the insurance had not been renewed and had expired . I did n't remind him , so he could n't remember how sound he slept . Is he worthy of me , an insomniac ?
Damn , these Weibo posts that analyze IS really make me angry , they always talk nonsense
Give birth to a daughter and dress up with her sauce~ ! Life is beautiful~ ! ! So loving !
What happened to the house leak in 2015 , I ca n't be any more embarrassed ...
Because I have given up , I know the reluctance and sadness after giving up , so I will not advise anyone to give up easily , I know this is something that will be regretted , even if it is a lie , I hope they can persevere and grit their teeth It 's over , I do n't want them to become like me , I wo n't even have the chance to bite my teeth again , you are my friends , I have done bad examples , please do n't follow me , I wo n't allow it
He said : As long as you want , I am willing ! cry in an instant
It 's really annoying to have a leader who does n't speak well and likes to show his presence~ The whole article was marked by him to be changed , hemp , the situation that the comments have not been completely changed has been added to 33 pages , and they are all abolished . Now , let me tell you that you yourself are changing to less than 30 pages. . .
The most fearful thing is that the relationship suddenly fades , but I do n't even know the reason .
I did a PPT all morning , but I did n't save it , then the software crashed and restarted , and everything disappeared . cry to death
Good evening everyone , today 's `` Animal World '' column will bring you the fascinating skills of a New Zealand brush-tailed possum : tree branch pole dance ; curtains ; ~Yeah~hahaha~ Good night
There are so few days every month , it 's really more painful than death
If every time I was `` injured '' by someone , I would feel a little heartache , my heart would have been shattered long ago !
I put Weibo on my phone again , hahaha , I should send a photo to cheat .
Because of you , every day is very happy , may we stay together forever
The produced case sealing machine is light , durable and easy to operate ;
There was an earthquake ... the whole house was shaking , and I could feel the tremor when I sat on the chair ... the first experience ... it 's scary ! I am here : # Japan , Tokyo City , Shinjuku Ward,2-chome5 # I am at :
When people are preparing their papers , all kinds of things come to make surprise attacks . This is the rhythm of staying up late ...
If you want to scold someone , being fierce ca n't solve the problem , even if you ca n't change your old temper . People with bad hearts are all wandering at the bottom and ca n't get to the high-level table , I 'm angry , I 'll go to XXX
It does n't matter what we eat and play when we are together . Talk to each other about life and work , and give each other a shot of blood when they are slack . Although the time together is short , the friendship will not change . Seeing Lao Tan getting more and more mature , he could n't help feeling that he was wasting his time in the village . Well , I 'm about to hurry up and make every day meaningful . Let 's work together ! The last Disney store I visited , the childlike innocence was inspired .
Found out today that there is wifi on the bus ! You can swipe Weibo !
Is n't this kidding me ! ! ! ! No next time sister , I 'm angry
Li Weixun , I sometimes feel that I am full of courage , and sometimes I feel that I am so weak that I burst out .
Even if you fail you have to keep going . I ca n't stay positive forever but at least keep going . I will not take shortcuts , at least the capital of IQ can no longer be manifested , and now I have only a forced frozen heart except for the natural disguised optimism , just waiting for the warm sun of dreams to shine . # My Fudan Dream #
THEK2 was scared to death after watching the beginning ... is it scary ?
Do n't ruin your humble demeanor because of your humble jealousy
What 's the situation ? I want to tear my abdominal muscles into `` Monkey King '' ? Pleasant back pain
Originally this face was already ugly enough , but now it 's full of pimples , so I ca n't live .
Baby , today you are 2 months and 4 days old , now you are getting more and more aware of things , you can stare at us for a while , and sometimes you will laugh when we tease you , the only constant is that black and white are upside down !
There are still two hours left , and I can only start watching the trip to Busan~ It is said that it is not so scary~ ( ⊙_⊙ ) Bless me not to be scared to death by zombies
Hey , my friend 's golden bear said it was frozen to death ... It 's cold , you really need to pay attention to keeping warm . Small things are inherently fragile ... The heating at home is not always supplied ... Not to mention they are kept in the toilet ... Oh , I really feel bad ... I think of the little nerd ... go not comfortable at all
Called for a ride early in the morning , and by the way reached the intention of carpooling in the early morning shift in winter . From now on , I can go out to work for 8 yuan every morning half an hour later . Difficulty getting out of bed can be rescued and the driver 's car is in good condition . He also knows how to walk without blocking . When he comes to the company , he can have breakfast and exercise without any problem . All right , let 's chat openly
I am who I am ! different fruits . Hahaha. . Happy birthday . 2⃣️5⃣️
My sister bought me new clothes , and they will send them to me tomorrow . Although white is also very beautiful , it is not resistant to getting dirty . Hehe , I am so happy to have my sister . I will show you the day after tomorrow .
The love I want is very simple : when I speak , you will listen ; when I am self-willed , you will love ; when I need you , you will be there ; when I turn around , you will not leave .
I really like the second one . ... thinking about it carefully , I feel a bit like poppy from where dad is going ... well , because they are all little angels
[ Tree Hole ] Annoying , annoying . . . Talking about what you do n't want , what kind of things you do n't want to do ! ! ! The mouth is not the heart . I 'm busy over there every day , I do n't know what I 'm busy with ! ! !
It feels good to have someone blow their hair every day .
Do n't force others to love yourself , you can only strive to become better and make yourself a person worthy of love ! The rest , let it take its course
Whenever late at night , I always fantasize about being a beautiful man
I 've always thought that girls are cute when they 're stupid .
Hahaha , I did a day 's accounting information homework without eating or drinking , and I finally finished it~ Now you can take a good rest and get some sleep 💤 The seventeenth day of the bunny
No water , no water , no water , important things have been said three times , the water has been cut off for three days , @ 宋原post @ 松原水事group
I 'm already ugly , I ca n't stand it anymore , Northeast aunt
I admire myself , how far is more than 20 kilometers
It 's the third anniversary , and on the fourth anniversary , we will be in a foreign country . Although there will be many uncertain factors and difficulties waiting for us in the future , I believe that we can go on forever and be together forever . We 're not perfect , but I believe we 'll all be the most integral part of each other 's lives . be happy forever darling , i love you
Why ... I 've had the drip for so long , but the bruise on my hand has not disappeared , it 's a little painful . . . .
I can ’ t sleep in the middle of the night . The pineapple oil I ate at the tea restaurant today is super big , cheap and delicious , and the pig ’ s feet rice that Chenchen wants to eat .
The toilet was blocked from the fifth floor to the second floor , and no one came to repair it for a few days . The efficiency of the school is really convincing
My mom said she finally sent my dad away , I told myself not to cry , not to cry , not to cry
The first time I dreamed of being abandoned by my father , I could n't cry anymore . However , the old stone is supposed to be a dream lover 's existence .
Ah , I finally saw conman . AA is really suitable for acting as a comedy . What is it ? 233333 is so hardworking
Good morning ! Dear friends : I send you the first ray of sunshine in the morning , and I wish you a happy new day .
Why are there so many stink bugs in this sweet-scented osmanthus season ! It stuck to the clothes on my balcony It was lying on the drying quilt It sneaked into my room and was killed and had a strong stench
Mommy , it is a very scary thing to take the elevator alone [ horrified ] As a result , the door just opened , and a woman stood in front of her with her hair covered and expressionless , and the baby was paralyzed [ blush ] [ blush ]
I 'm not an accountant , why do you keep asking me to calculate money , but I 'm annoying , I do n't want to make this mess by leaving early , I ca n't transfer money at all
If you do n't answer the phone , why do you need a phone ! ! ! !
Quiet night , dream ; You , all love , all hate , all recall ... Ca n't think , break ; I , do n't like , do n't grieve , do n't die ...
When I woke up in the morning , I suddenly changed into a different person , I was shocked . Who is this ?
I feel that in my future life , I have to struggle back and forth between the two problems of how not to loose and how to pull out 💩 , ah , so sad
October is poisonous ! In October , the body has not been normal for a day !
Where is the most congested September ? This is obviously a more blocked Monday ! Usually , even if the traffic jam is 40 minutes , it takes nearly an hour and a half to drive ! I 'm out of the mood already ...
# Thank yourself for being brave # Gathering with a fire , scattered with stars , is the most comfortable way .
Uncle , everything can involve us in Gu Yue . The fact that Ya 's salary is not paid has nothing to do with Hu Ge 's wool . Who can say that J 's salary is not paid because he bought a navy army for Hu Ge . What evidence does he have to say that ? Hu Ge can be involved in everything , what are the meanings ? Not paying wages is a problem that Tang people ca n't handle . Why bother with Hu Ge ? Some people just have nothing to do
The internship is really coming to an end , I 'm so sad , I want to spend more time with my students
Exploded ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Play games all day long ! ! ! ! !
It 's the pain that reminds me every month that I 'm still a mother
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! ! ! Why is there such a thing in the world ! Do n't know what to say at all !
I want to eat chocolate lava in the middle of the night🍰~ Ah , hurry up and sleep !
Compared with the random thinking of not being able to meet in person , this state of seeing each other every day but not being able to speak is even more maddening , and subtly , it has been affected so much ? ? ? ? ? ?
The steak is so cute , hey , hey , he came out with two guitars and kept apologizing , saying I did n't bump into you , I must have bumped into you , sorry
Fortunately , we have found each other 's happiness
Auntie Li from Jinzhou called and asked me anxiously . In fact , I am as restless as they are . Maybe it is more convenient for me to do things in Beijing than they are sometimes , so what ? It can only be this way .
Take advantage of the one-month membership to set a background for yourself hahahahahaha
my today . It 's just one word : bad~two words : sad reminder~
I do n't plan to meet you near your company anymore . I ordered food according to my own appetite . It 's hard not to quarrel for a day !
Colder , colder , colder , hotter baby ! !
[ Home Edition Kung Pao Chicken ] With such a detailed tutorial , everyone can definitely learn it ! If you like to eat , hurry up and get√ # learning food together #
I heard that the older you grow up , God will do subtraction for you . Take away some of your friends and take away some of your dreams . Some people take a quick glance . happy birthday myself 🎈
Sigh
I woke up hungry at this time , I was so happy that someone gave me something to eat
I ate the worst fried rice in the world without my parents
What 's for lunch ? Canteen food is too hard to swallow
I drink the beer myself . I have a big brother to accompany me to drink liquor ! , this night is so beautiful ! Although I ca n't sleep
In the afternoon , I agreed on the location and waited for Ermei to go home together . There were two cars parked on the right side of the green belt . There were still many people outside . I parked the car and just parked those people . I stared at me and Damei showed me . The hair was so frightened that I hurriedly reversed the car and backed to a safe distance . Sure enough , the two of them had a little friction and were about to fight . It meant that I was almost involved in this accident and scared to death .
The first gay friend in my life , and his romantic little object , how did he do it
A good day begins , give yourself a hope every day , try not to worry about tomorrow , not to sigh about yesterday , just to make today better . Good morning !
CTM , forcing me to curse . Two pure idiots , bitches ...
I am not a gentle person but I do my best to do gentle things for you .
When the rain does n't stop in Changsha , it comes again and it takes another week to go out . I 'm really irritable .
God , I 've been busy all morning , and I have n't had time to read Weibo .
What 's wrong with this world , he should be sentenced to death if there is a death penalty in the mainland
I 'm so happy for you dear , this time is really not easy , I think you should give up . will be better later
Do I ramble on when I talk about food ? why no one told me
I ca n't hide my hatred for someone
The feeling of guilt is really not that bad in general , especially what other people care about and I realize it later
There are three people in total ! I do n't want to talk , I 'm grass
Too possessive ! ! ! How to deal with this ! ! ! Tired of eating popsicles
Once you have decided the path you want to take , you must go on without hesitation , and start working hard from now on , counting down to 3 and a half years to leave this land and pursue the dream and life you really want💪💪💪
All grades count down , feel bad , I need chicken soup for the soul to comfort me
Next time you have a solo concert , I also want to be high with you , Haixing , come to a solo concert soon , we are all looking forward to it
Up pose~ The order of the eruption of the deciduous teeth , the picture is so cute~
Maybe I ca n't become a cold goddess in my life , because I 'm just an optimistic , cheerful and lively little funny ratio
Wife , no matter what you do , no matter what you do , your husband will never leave you . My wife has gone public since dinner last night , so let 's have a vigorous love affair , okay ? I 'm ready , wife , are you ready ?
I am very grateful for the joy you brought me , thank you dear , I will keep it in my heart
I do n't know when my tears became so low . The moment I saw my friend 's father put his hand on the groom 's hand , the tears could n't stop flowing . I hope this day can come later .
I always thought that Crayon Shin-chan did n't have a nose , but it turned out hahahahahahahaha
It never occurred to me that I would wake up one morning and find that the world is actually really beautiful . Good morning
Staying up late to review `` Beijing Meets Seattle '' no longer wants to comment , I can only say , it 's really heartwarming
Want a better normal life . It takes time to settle down .
Fight your wits with me all day long and wait for the ass to bloom
The thought of seeing you makes me so happy , the happiest thing in so many days !
The routine every morning is to open my favorite song . Obviously , you can sing rock and roll so aggressively , but you can also be so gentle .
Damn it ! Why do you want Lao Tzu to count comprehensive places and data ? ! The point is , why did n't you tell me that it was going to be tomorrow in the afternoon ? ! Why ! ! !
Unexpectedly , it has only been ten days . The fatigue , spirit , and appetite are already torturing Shi me . Tonight , my appetite is bursting , and I want to eat the fitness equipment .
I 've never taken this to heart , but today I want to cry a little ...
It 's probably the first time in my life that I wish I could go back seven years in exchange for a meeting . It 's so painful .
For those who touch my bottom line , I have nothing to say . I 'll ask for it later , do n't blame me ...
Is there anything else going on ? Book that ... ! ! ! !
The car accident is so terrible , the shadow of a lifetime ca n't come out
Do n't want to joke , forcing me to do something , I 'm very angry
The last class of my life , the last exam , I missed it , should I regret it ?
There is a name that makes my bones , it 's Zhang Yixing , I ca n't tell what you are the best , but no one can replace it , I like you , there is no reason , maybe it 's because you are Zhang Yixing , good morning , Dandan
One task after another , you ca n't even go to the toilet if you are running . Take a nap , the sound of hand blowing , firecrackers , and the cries of bear children outside the building is simply unbearable .
I 'm so tired . I 've been standing all morning . I tried to squeeze the car twice , but I failed . There were too many people , which reminded me of the groups of zombies in the Busan trip . It 's terrible . I do n't know if I can go home today . I really want to buy a train ticket to go home . Is this a holiday or a nightmare ! Eleven is worse than the Spring Festival ! [ tears ]
Thank you my dear zzp The world is so big for me to meet such a good you
If you can drink alcohol , the past can become an abnormal hangover . When you wake up , the wind is still clear and the sky is still clear .
I like this book very much . I read it more than half in one breath . It is the first time to read a book that combines history and medicine . I feel a novelty that has never been seen before .
Yesterday , an ow girl had a problem underwater . She fainted after ascending the water . When she was rescued , she forgot what happened to her . She did n't even know about the hotel . It was really scary .
This is the only place where I can talk freely , comfortably , and can ’ t sleep happily . The person I love also deeply loves me and pampers me . I am the happiest woman in the world . Thank God for letting me meet the right person .
Beep the dog ! It 's almost the third year of the second semester , so let 's punch in with your fingerprints ! Eating shit at school without classes for so many days !
It is indeed the sweetest fruit of hard work .
Someone said just now that you only learned piano when you are so old . I 'm so old ? I have n't reached 30 yet , why ca n't I study ? Is it right to buy it for a child , but a heinous thing to buy for yourself ? You deserve to be a slave ! ! !
Yesterday , I continued to write for three or four hours without stopping , and my hands hurt so much . I was thinking about how I got here when I was writing essays in high school .
The trumpet is to be at ease , and to write it out is to vent , but you don ’ t want to be discovered by others . There is no burden in my heart , and I don ’ t care about the reply anyway , and I don ’ t need to care . The big one is written for others to read , and the small one is my own voice .
The mood is so gloomy , it 's raining every day , I 'm going to practice driving
He sincerely hoped that Shunde would go abroad for China , the past for the present , the north for the south , and go abroad more often .
The bread is from TEMPS , and the lady boss is so nice that she can deliver takeaways , cakes and drunk crabs ! Really intoxicating and intoxicating~
competition is over ! Aicun advanced 3-1 with a total score of 3-1 ! The kid is going crazy
I really want to vomit the things I do that I hate . I can imagine how others feel 😒I can feel it but choose to ignore it 😒Is it laziness ? Is it accustomed to someone to clean up the mess 😒
Occasionally I want to cry without tears , just listen to the sound of the rain ...
Ugly , short , poor stature , bad temper , poisonous mouth , unreasonable , unconscionable , unqualified , uncharacteristic , tasteless , temperamental , unskilled , etc . ~ alas~ you all know who I am talking about , then who is it~
It is said that children are under a lot of learning pressure now . How much pressure is it ? Tragedy 1 : 🍁 The 13-year-old girl was beaten to death by her own mother because she was not good at studying 🍁 The girl was already dead when the doctor saw her 🍁 There was no exam at the beginning of school , so why did you say that the grades were poor ? ❤Tragedy 2 : The homework was written until the early morning , and a 15-year-old boy died suddenly in class🙏
I hate waiting the most . Next time you make me wait so long , you will go back to Yichun for me .
On the eve of my first trip , I didn ’ t understand a lot , but I really wanted to do it well .
I smoke too much or drink too much , my chest hurts all the time
Life after the age of 22 is really , all of them have to redouble their efforts to `` become a current charge '' .
When the wind blows , I think I should find a boyfriend ; When it rains without an umbrella , I think I should find a boyfriend ; When I hear a sad song , I think I should find a boyfriend ... but , I still have n't waited for you . So , I faced the wind and the rain , listened to the song and shed tears , walking like a running full , walking
I ca n't open anything at this speed , I 'm really speechless , does anyone care @ Netcom Company
December 26 happens to be the 12th anniversary of TVXQ 's debut , and also the 12th anniversary of your debut , Kim Junsu
A shuttle in the road of life , how many gains and losses are calculated , such as passing by in a hurry . Do n't be thrilled , do n't be apprehensive , the good and the bad are all life is still long , and the heart is wide .
Damn it , why are you so cheap , damn it
I know I have to be down to earth , step by step , but do n't do this to me
Color pencils may arrive today~ Come on ! Another day that requires hard work !
Hahaha so proud ! I love you so much ! Happy birthday to us too
When cleaning up the clutter , I found the reading notes I wrote before , and suddenly felt that my time was wasted in recent years
The first snow in the winter of 2015 , the warm campus , I will spend a few winters with you .
Not to mention that the washing machine is broken when you get it . The after-sales service of Galanz is really bad . There are serious problems in the communication between installation workers and after-sales . It is clear at a glance that its internal management and communication mechanism is not perfect .
I closed my eyes , and suddenly the tears fell again ? ? You were sleeping when I could n't hold the heavy quilt . When my stomach was hurting , you said you had something to do . When I was lost , you ... I do n't know what you are doing . When I was sad and the cold wind was blowing outside the dormitory , you were probably still talking bad things about me to my family , then went to sleep in peace , and then you should have felt wronged ! These are deep scars
Dear Mosquito : In the last few nights , because of your close contact , I have become a red dot expert . Looking at the red dots on my hands and feet , please allow me to say thank you ! You love me so much but I really do n't like you , so please stop here and stop biting !
Moments is really a good thing , I was going to cry for three days and three nights , then I was exhausted and had no time and energy . Dude , I 'm sorry .
No matter what happened to others , why bother with it . Since fate has chosen you , you should learn to master your fate . You know you are lucky in misfortune , but you do n't know you are lucky after all . Invisibly , luck is trying to support you with all your strength , but unfortunately you do n't strive for it .
What the heck is Weibo 's touch-off video ! ! ! ! I just want to see the progress bar ! ! !
11.23 We , hopefully this time it will always be us .
Qu Yongjun , deputy director of the Land and Resources Institute , roared loudly : `` What does it have to do with you when I watch TV shows , I 'm in my house at work , I ca n't watch TV shows yet , you 've come to check on me , get out , get out ... '' - a small Small grass-roots department-level cadres spend taxpayers ' money and do n't do things for the people . Is it still reasonable ?
You say you 're in a bad mood , I 've thought about many reasons , but I do n't want to be my worst guess
The little thought that I like always thinks that many accidents are destined / The earth must have received the frequency sent by me 🌍
I found an old photo from a long time ago . At that time , the pixel of the mobile phone was very silent and there was no beauty function . Youth is gone forever
Tech nerds play Rubik 's cube ! The high-end atmosphere is high-grade , and it is crazy and cool ! !
Subway plane plus rental , in the hotel is also lying down sweat massage , a lot of time to think wildly . Saying it 's cranky is actually comparing it to the past . From last year to this year , I was still vaguely afraid of the end of the holiday during the holiday . Last year , I stayed in a place far away from the city . I woke up late in the morning , ate a random meal at noon , packed up or read a book in the afternoon , and immediately went to dinner time . One day passed so suddenly , it was terrifying .
The short-legged sister , the big-eyed sister , my two little nieces are so cute and funny
I have read this passage : In this life , I have never held your hand In this life , I may not be able to say a word to you ; in this life , I only want you to be happy ; in this life , I just want to protect you well In this life , I have seen enough of the hypocrisy of the world ; in this life , I have no regrets about falling in love with you ; in this life , my youthful years are only to accompany you ; in this life , I will never advance leave
Therefore , whenever a rabbit is obtained , the dog will wag its tail to look at the mug , and will be pleased to feed it .
Learning to make roses with girls from the art academy , I feel more and more . Today is a special day and I am one step closer to my achievement . It 's a pity that I only met these girls in my junior year , but it is already a kind of fate to meet them . I am happy now
Sometimes it 's so sad that someone cares about you and you 're like a lifesaver
Is the rocket going to rot ? What a shit ! ! !
I met a person with a small stomach , such a fucking villain .
Just want to eat . Eat and drink enough to be satisfied .
My heart is so tired
In the past few days , I have gained several fans , and the baby feels panic [ Doraemon surprised ] [ Doraemon surprised ] Why are you fans of me ? Wrong point ? Charisma ? Secretly in love with me ? Will it be closed again ? [ Frightened ] Frightened ! The fans who stay behind do n't run away [ Doraemon Khan ] Eat a fragrant pot to suppress the shock
I ca n't sleep at night , I ca n't sleep at noon , I ca n't sleep , I 'm so sleepy
I really want to cry for a long time if it is better to cry out .
Although I ca n't go back directly , I really want to say something - you just swept the streets ! ! ! ~hum~
Breakfast , peanut butter banana sandwich + 🍅 + rose tea , the toast is matcha flavored , the color is so beautiful ~ good morning
The happiest thing is to hear your voice every day and say good morning to me !
It was the first time I took a train alone , and I felt no fear . I wonder if it was because of growing up that I lost that fear . Now I am waiting for the bus in Guangzhou and turn back to him , but I feel a little lost [ disappointed ] . I clearly planned to go to Guangzhou for two days , but who knows that I will not be able to go , so forget it ... Mingming said that he would pick me up , who knows I was the one who went back alone . Every time I prepared things , something went wrong , and I didn ’ t know what to say [ grievance ]
2015.11.15 Tsingzhang Village will take the resettlement house according to the order of demolition . My mother 's 21st floor , 2 bedroom and 1 bathroom are quite high . I really do n't know how to move the 2 meter long sofa . Garbage room
My favorite is your annual birthday is here again !
I have allergies on my face , that 's enough , I can still be allergic to my rough skin and thick flesh
The company has 56 employees , 70 % of whom are former military personnel , with hard-working and teamwork spirit .
As a native of Xuchang , Henan , I grew up eating noodles , 360 days a year , 365 days a year . Today , I thought of making this noodle dish because I ran out of rice at home , and my father 's soybean paste finally came in handy . A bowl of lo mein , a bowl of white noodle soup , and the familiar 30 minutes of news ( when I was at home , I ate noodles and watched the news for 30 minutes every day ) and suddenly felt homesick .
After searching all three variety show keywords , you can snicker. . Hey I 'm good or bad. . But we Yixing are really lucky .
Just because I said I wanted to talk on the phone , I did n't wait for me to tell the reason , I called right away , so I really feel very warm .
A netizen with strong hands-on ability on the Internet released a set of shocking pictures : smog . Shijiazhuang people living under the smog seem to have not seen the sun for half a month . Now let 's see the true face of the smog ! PS : Every time we take a breath , thousands of these things enter the lungs , and the whole person is not well in an instant .
I feel like I 'm watching a hot-blooded black-eating black spy war movie
Why do you want to be so nice to a slut like me because I 'm so moved I always like to stick with you but it 's not always nice
I am happy , happier than anyone else . I am lucky , luckier than anyone else . I 'm beautiful and cuter than anyone else
Our Lijiang has never been the capital of Avengers ! ! ! Never ! Do n't insult us with such vulgar words ! ! !
Look at the big black , look at the deflated wallet , go and pick up the kitchen knife
Really good stuff👍 The shoe washing artifact is the same as new after brushing
Let 's be together later , it does n't take long , just a few more years , when we have a stable income , a reliable job , and everything is on track . I am no longer a young and hairy guy , but a mature man . You are no longer a floating girl chasing dreams , but a woman who only seeks a stable life . If there ever was a day , would you come back to me again and do what we left unfinished instead of everything being replaced
Before going to work , I have an inexplicable panic . Is there any disease called `` phobia of going to work '' or `` anxiety about going to work soon '' ?
When can we become truly calm ? Every time I encounter the impact of reality , I will first question my choice . This kind of entanglement , pain , and annoyance are intertwined and feel really bad . . . full of negative energy
It 's an excellent body . The power is pouring in continuously . It took 50+ hours to train to 65+ in the second week . It 's fun .
Hate you , talk does n't count ! Do n't come to see me in the future !
When encountering an accountant who does n't listen and a superior who does n't listen
After 6 o'clock , I could n't fall asleep , so I got up and prepared breakfast . Today 's porridge is as thick as rice , and there is a plate of vegetables and side dishes . I did n't take a picture because I was ready to call someone to get up for dinner , so I started washing the vegetables that the pudding was going to eat for a while , and when he finished eating , I started eating now , because the vegetables have already been eaten , and the pictures were not good , so I simply stopped taking pictures . , there is pudding sitting on the dining chair with me , I eat her optimistic about the warmth
Good morning , a new day , a new mood , a new start . come on
Never before , but when I come up recently , I 'm really angry , really angry
I feel like I 'm going to catch a cold . I have to take good care of myself to take care of the baby . I think it 's been more than 3 months since the day I was born , and it will be a hundred days in a few days . I flipped through the photos , and this kid is the same day by day . Tian grows up ^_^ , it is happiness to accompany him to grow up full of joy ! Love you
When I was in my early 20s , I thought a lot about what I would look like when I was 30 years old . With a feeling of apprehension and fear , I felt that when I reached 30 , my youth would be completely over . I have a deeper understanding of myself and life . After all , life is a road of self-exploration and exploration of the world . After the age of 30 , it is a new beginning of another stage . Live the life you want and keep your original intention forever .
I just want to find someone who is similar to my own values , lifestyle , personality and temperament . Grind like this and get old
When the busier and more annoying , there will be more and more busy and annoying things
Dad , I still like to sit comfortably in a reusable bag~
I have to say that there is a reason for the high rating~ Tired and laughing are just right , and the most important thing is to evoke inner feelings and unforgettable feelings~
Train to Busan has been lying on my internet disk for a long time , but because it is a zombie movie Dehumanizing `` The monster who has passed through three carriages but not the heart of one '' `` The selfless man may not live to the end but the selfish man will never live to the end '' `` Listen ... full text
My mother had two test tubes of blood drawn in my sleep early in the morning I heard from my mother that I am also anemic . Why would I feel dizzy even if I suddenly stand up after squatting for a long time , but other places don ’ t look like anemia at all ?
Find , find , find . . . Find the ninth. . . . . . I laughed
Recently , I have deeply doubted whether there is still trust in this world . I ca n't tell whether it is true or false . I have been injured too many times , and I ca n't believe my own judgment ...
Although it has been said before , there is still another good thing to Amway ! Bbia 's lipstick , I love No . 2 color very much . I do n't want it if it 's white . It 's like a big name , because I do n't even use ysl . It 's beautiful , beautiful , and beautiful . The picture of Aunt Xu ! ( It 's not me , it 's not me ) I was planted by this grass at the beginning !
There is a kind of person who wants to slap him when you talk to him
Haha Duan , just do your best , all knowledge will be used sooner or later , do n't doubt
I just like to break the rules and keep them . Break the rules and obey the rules !
Staying up late at night , getting up at 6 in the morning , and calculating the data for him without having anything to eat for lunch , in the end , it was clearly not my fault , and he was trained to cry . I have to endure such a teacher for three years . .
Hit the Hong Kong team to the death ! Returning to the country , the people of the whole country will pay taxes to you and reimburse you !
Fifty-three , Huahua , sometimes I blow up , will you dislike me , in fact , sometimes I am very angry , just let me calm down , I am afraid of hurting you
Procrastination broke out recently . I knew there was a lot of homework , but I still didn ’ t want to do it . As a result , I piled up more and more . When I was rushing homework , I was in pain .
Be positive and optimistic , fortunately I have you , my beautiful girl and Dabao !
Not in a good mood . . . My courier was lost by Yongjia Station . . . Not to say that he has n't reached him yet . . . Feeling of nowhere to complain
Do n't always be afraid and fearful , hesitate , face and fight bravely , then you will be successful . Life is nothing more than being yourself and trying your best !
Become a temperamental person , become an emotional person , or you will be really annoying
The ugly mouth is not sweet , and the long stubborn has no money . What kind of capital do you use to sit in a bunker without talking for an hour ? Silly X ! ? ?
I am so happy that I have surprises every day and receive a gift . Hahahahaha haha ​​ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha to accept new mobile phone cases to protect me ! Miss Jing
Looking at the room full of thick clothes that need to be collected and the dirty clothes and socks that need to be washed , I ca n't start , what a shame , fortunately there is no class tonight , only a big wash , alas ...
You have been naughty for six months . I went to listen to the fetal heart rate today and everything is fine . Wait for a while to do a four-dimensional look at your small appearance
I just do n't want to explain that I 'm just allergic , not chickenpox . I 'm really upset ! I ca n't infect others , okay ? It 's just that allergic acne is going crazy ! ! !
BANAJAPAN eat shit ! PONYCANYON eat shit !
The dark clouds are over the top , and I 'm preparing for a heavy rain . I do n't have an umbrella . I will be very grateful to someone who will hold an umbrella for me . [ Baiyun ] [ Baiyun ] [ Baiyun ] [ Poor ] [ Poor ] [ Poor ]
I dreamed of you last night , but should I tell you about this horrible dream ? I swear it was a dream [ white eyes ] . It 's just this dream ... not very lucky ... tell you ? Damn , now I 'm sitting in the dark and I always feel footsteps [ horrified ]
The more you know , the more you can do what you like
Many times , it is better to be misunderstood than to explain .
My heart is empty and sad , I want you to give me a real sense of security , I want to feel the company of body temperature , I want you to be by my side , rather than being alone in the dead of night . Should I love you , should I blame you .
I usually fall asleep as soon as I touch my pillow . It 's near graduation . I ca n't think about going to bed early for the past two days . But after all , the carefree days are long gone . Do n't say I 'm hypocritical . Who can live without emotions ? The most important thing is Just have fun , let 's laugh
your sister ? ! Why does Tencent , like iQiyi , charge for the last few episodes
I only have one word for a certain organization , how far is it ?
I gave up when you rejected my oranges
( League of Legends ) The core equipment of adc is the killing sword . How can you play without the killing sword ? This B-game change is getting worse year by year , and the five kills are gone .
I just remembered a scene where Mao Shiba finally hugged Litchi , which made me teary . You see , no matter what kind of person you were in the past , you will always become a different person when you meet the best . Be brave , be weak , be a little fearless but only afraid of separation . What ... every time I want to feel melancholy , I think of a certain boy I have n't seen for many years
I kind of want to hit me who set up password security questions back then , what are you , who am I
I 'm so tired lately , Mo Ming ! Let me squat in the corner and cry for a while
There can be no love without strong self-reliance . - Calvino
It is raining☔ , but there is no heating today , what did you do with the heating company , there is no normal year !
We are all changing , and whoever looks back will lose . Go ahead . Accompanying is time , people will always be absent .
I 'm here to repay my wish
Why did this week 's show appear on Tuesday ? After reading it , I feel that I have no hope for this week .
Two big pimples in my lifetime
I was so pissed that I ran away from class for five minutes to pick up the courier and waited for twenty minutes after reporting the password
So scary [ horror ] Wo n't it collapse when the typhoon comes ?
Count half way through , and then the whole paper is like this
I 'm so mad , the colors are getting lighter and lighter , tomorrow I 'm going to paint a sassy color
The little flower shoes sent by the first courier baby on Double Eleven are very beautiful 💋 Just why my legs are so thick recently , oh my god
How much I used to believe that angelababy just straightened my teeth , now it seems that I am too naive . Originally , let 's run , brother , I think it 's weird , and there are too few shots , so I do n't have to take a few pictures at night .
After taking a nap for a while , I reviewed the content of linguistics , and I could n't remember it when I woke up .
The money 450 is sad after taking the accounting qualification certificate three times
Let the article be published first . Then charge the manuscript fee , call the article , first receive the manuscript fee , and then publish the article ! It 's called a soft article : you write an article and publish it ... no royalties , it 's called a blog : just write a few words and publish it ! You have to pay for the internet yourself . Call it Weibo ! ——Wang Xiaofeng , `` Sanlian Life Weekly ''
Who is she to you ? What the fuck does she have to do with your mother . You guys have to know that she if not for singing if not for f ( x ) . . . will you know her ? ? Your mother 's head has shit , son of a bitch
I have my own thoughts and ideas , and I never need to use the envious eyes of others to maintain my life and dignity . I just want to live my own life . But after all , everyone has their own pursuits . You can fight for what you want . I ’ m not you , and you don ’ t want to listen to these boring lives . Watching the most annoying feeling
I 've been so pissed off lately that I do n't even want to see them ! ! ! !
Baby , are you playing a scheming bitch , pretending to have amnesia to return to Brother Ling , where is your Meng Jue , have you really forgotten ?
Really asking for heating , magic damage , it 's really cold no matter how much you wear
Today 's show is really exciting . How many things have happened . Did we Nick have fans before ? I feel bad
I used camellia seed oil before washing my hair last night , but I did n't wash my hair well , resulting in strands of hair today .
At the speed at which I grow meat , I wonder if there can be something that bothers me so much that I ca n't even eat it !
I squatted on the toilet 4 times in one morning ... my stomach hurts to death
Well , I am so handsome today too , happy birthday to me
My mother is off work and I have to call people to come and go , just because I live in the same community ? ! Drunk or not ! I am not a computer repairer ! Can I find a maintenance person if I ca n't get the computer ?
You really think about others , and others only think about themselves selfishly .
Bought contact lenses today . The clothes need to be returned today . I feel so tired . 43
Anything , I will be told that I have eaten too much with a dish , I am sick , that person is simply crazy , and I will fall behind when I eat , get out !
Remember to this king , you make this king unhappy today , and this king will let you live tomorrow . This king is just to update you , you are pretending to be the king , hum~
I dreamed that the math workbook was not complete and sad , and when the alarm clock rang , I found that there was no need to worry , I have successfully traveled from the workbook era . A good day begins . coldmorning .
Is n't it just a part-time job , I 'm really angry at work
Why do I always dream that I 'm with my classmates , from elementary school to university , my classmates have been dreaming about it over and over again . It 's amazing that people who ca n't remember in 800 years can appear in their dreams . ?
Countless Japanese from Tokyo have told me that Kyoto people are black-bellied ... So the president got up in the morning to make breakfast for me , and I was frightened and apprehensive .... Japan·Kyoto
I really want to complain about the inexplicable comprehension ability of these teachers . I have said it dozens of times and asked me where I am not clear . I said that you are so cold . I 'm unhappy , who will take care of my emotions . Dozens of registration forms are wrong . I have to help you correct them . I will also inform you to make up for my unhappiness . If you scolded me , I really
I 'm mad at me , I 'm going to take the quick fix , 3 of the 16 questions are correct , the most annoying thing is that she can do it , just write nonsense , it 's mad at me
It did n't disappoint me , the introduction by my sister-in-law was great
In terms of culture , ancient poems are well preserved . In the ancient literati circle , this is also a kind of game . For example , Cao Zhi likes to call a group of friends to compose poems , but now everyone is not so leisurely , so it is still # 古人真will play # .
Let 's just say that today everyone said I was a liar , so that 's how it is , which beast did it
According to the development plan of Yili Group 's milk source construction , in the next five years , Yili will build 800 farms of different scales on this basis , ensuring the realization of the `` green industry chain '' from the source .
The number of times I cook in a year can be checked with a slap , but I am praised every time
Bottomless pit ! ! ! vampire ! ! ! Annoying ! ! !
Today is the first time in my life to eat Hakka Lei Cha Rice . It is very vegetarian , and I am not used to it . I will try other restaurants in the future . Recently , I also like to eat Chaoshan fast food . I really feel that most of the voices of Chaoshan people are very powerful , bold and energetic .
The most annoying person who disturbs other people 's sleep and has no self-consciousness
When I think about it , I suddenly realize that it has been seven years , and time has passed so quickly . I just want to ask if you are still there , I know it 's unscientific to wait in place , I just want to know if you have caught up , I walk very slowly , I will wait for you slowly , I just hope you can catch up and still be able to catch up . together
It 's alright . Everything comes one by one . Only when you deal with it calmly can you get a satisfactory answer .
I cried , I did n't prepare my homework , I talked about the case , I talked about the extreme challenge , and I even forgot the sponsor ! It 's life
The company 's shuttle bus is even more unreliable than the bus , I 'm so angry
What attitude ! ! ! ! When it was raining , I carried a large bag of things , and when I got out of the car , I could n't move at all . The driver said indifferently , `` Hurry up . '' . . . . I was on fire
Get rid of some sticky people full of negative energy and live a refreshing life
Yes , when I was a cashier , I saw that kind of person throwing money on the table , and I just hated it .
Damn , the bosses and accounts of every company are menopausal ! Qi Hua makes a phone call to find someone , and if you ca n't speak well , just call out that he is not there ! is shouting ! Not talking ! damn it
The boss said that he will often work overtime in the days to come ... my heart hurts
School breakfast is the best , but there are few times when you can get up early . Well , the teacher is a bit disgusting . She is the one who bothers her . It bothers her .
The troubled past is gone , do n't forget the original intention and think and do it~
The quality of sleep has been getting worse and worse recently , but I 'm happy that I 'm still growing taller . Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
When appropriate , jump out of your circle of friends and do your own thing . Don ’ t follow the crowd and be like others
Encountering such a talent company is also drunk ! Delay a family !
Playing Weibo for the first time ... so far behind ! ! It 's 2015 , my god . I 'm still a post-90s generation
@ Beijing Traffic Police There is a blockage near the Sihai Bridge , for which important person is the road blocked again ? Can people go to work normally ? @ safe beijing
Simple life is charming , simple people are happy .
Grandma Guoguo had a very bad impression of her when she first arrived . Guo blocked her way and pushed Guo away . The babies played together , and the two children scrambled for toys . If the girl could n't grab it , she came up to grab Guoguo . The face , the face was cut , the grandmother not only did n't ask , but also said that my children love to cut people , no matter how old the child is , let alone such a small ... big fool ... Fortunately , my family 's first reaction to being cut is returned . she has a pie
Sister has a small face since she was a child , who said that she has a big face with no eyes
I was so sleepy that I forgot what I just said after picking up the phone and hanging up ...
I practiced the strength and speed of hair extension and hair extension without exercising yesterday , so now my hands are so sore that I ca n't use force. . . . . . .
I regretted it after I posted it on the Moments , and even said 5000 .
Cut the fruit and cut it into your hands , even scratching your eyebrows can break your hands
Thisismyday ! I did n't sleep well last night and I wake up with pain every night . It 's been almost a week , and I 've been in pain during the day .
The post-90s are unrestrained , willful , and have no sense of responsibility . Who the hell likes to be forced to take on some bad things and talk to a pig .
Complete , complete , and desired parts are obtained , and this situation also creates a sense of perfection .
are you a pig ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? this pig brain
Look at the burning boy . For the first time , I think Li Yuchun is very attractive . Self-confidence , have the ability to distinguish rationally , and control the situation casually .
# Beijing reminder # @ 李晓娜 's Na Nian Na Yue : Under the Dawang Bridge , this man was stealing something just now ! He stole something scared me so I did n't get a picture . . . I thought he was with that girl ! Fortunately , the girl was smart enough to feel it ! Everyone be careful ! ! !
I ca n't count how many times I dared to sleep because I was afraid to turn on the light I could n't count how many times I woke up from a nightmare , but I could n't bleed , I cried out in pain , I felt weak , I felt homesick , I still have to grow up , I still have to walk the darkest road .
Good people ca n't fucking do it ! FUCK FUCK FUCK !
I enjoyed this time very much , I have n't laughed like this for a long time , maybe it will become a very important memory for me
Height really saves lives ! Hahahaha , my right hand is bruised , and Nichkhun is also born with supernatural power to capture demons with one hand while talking and laughing~~
My eyes hurt and I did n't get into the sand , but the more I rubbed it , the more painful I lost a cherry earring . Then I went to dance on a rainy day
Haha I heard a soldier 's brother 's comments on me after he drank too much , just those few words , the man is so beautiful , bold and worth it , whoever marries you is lucky , the tongue drank too much
Really , exhausted tolerance and understanding , and regressed many times . Now I ca n't even convince myself , and I ca n't find words of comfort . I do n't want to deceive myself , it 's too aggrieved . Forget it , forget it
Spectre is already the 24th film of 007 . Ever since I watched the Black Sun Crisis with Sophie Marceau , I have been very fond of the 007 movie . It is a must-see drama ! Although I have seen it a lot , I always feel that it is so similar to the previous Spy : Impossible , and the plot also knows how to develop after reading the beginning , but after listening to 007 , I will still watch it , it is awesome !
Sometimes I am hurt by some words but still have to smile , just because we are friends !
I did n't post Weibo for a day , I really wanted my dog ​​to take it with me🐶 But then again , my 22nd birthday was really happy and I ate the birthday noodles that my mother cooked for me with love . Enough is enough , I want to cry and I came out 😂 Although I received not many blessings , I am still very grateful~ I must work hard to be a `` brave , kind , honest and lovely '' Hui Er . come on ! Hope it stays like this~
There is a kind of friend called `` If you do n't attack him , you will die '' There is a kind of friend called `` If you do n't attack you , he will die ''
I really want to complain ! Let the third-grade students go home and recite socialist values
I ca n't find this one that was not made at that time and was thrown into a corner .
I 've been really tired lately . Sometimes I think about it , in fact , I am not that strong , why keep forcing myself to be a vigorous girl with a smile full of smiles every minute , I also want to feel sad , and I also want someone to rely on . After thinking about it later , let it go . It seems that no one can indulge him like this . She is a 20-year-old girl . What else is there to be coquettish ? Everyone is busy and tired . Who cares if I am sad or not . Remember , you have only yourself to rely on .
Recently , my temper has become more and more irritable , and it 's just a little bit . I lose my temper when I don ’ t like it . I ’ ve seen a lot of little girls on Weibo these days who have given so much for love but can ’ t get anything in return . I really want to slap the man to death . My daughter-in-law doesn ’ t know how to hurt ~ Good pet . What is the use of such a man
I really feel that I am very happy now . I have a group of very good colleagues , good friends are all around , my parents are always healthy , and I have learned a lot at work ! I 'm also satisfied
The sun shines in the sky , and the flowers smile at me ! Like waiting for a century , the sun finally finally came out . Do you want to tell you that the sun is just shining on my desk
is too arrogant ! Those are all innocent people . If you want to fight , fight them in an open and honest way ! Why are you bullying the defenseless people ! Really enough !
Stinky slut @ Meng Cola stole my bullet and forced me to buy her a hat last night and bullied me after pooping
# MYSNSD # The heroine looks so much like my junior high school classmate , she dances every minute . It 's a pretty good movie among low-budget movies , although some plots are a bit old-fashioned ... Andy Lau and Jerry Yan are the ones who scream the most wow
A good photo has a story , and a good story brings tears to the eyes , chills down the spine , and even creeps . I swear I am not exaggerating .
Nima 's ! Jing Gu quarreled with him and forgot to keep a low profile ! Fortunately , my voice was n't too loud . My family came to ask me who I was arguing with , so I had to randomly agree that I was talking to my colleagues ! Originally , I wanted to express my grievances or thoughts here , but I did n't expect that he would see it right away ! The whole one monitor ! I also wonder how he did it ! accurate !
Someone suddenly said to me on the subway : If you have time , you should go online to read the Bible more and believe in Jesus . , very scary
It 's so annoying , why does it always seem like a skin allergy ?
This is the biggest gain of yesterday
I got up at 6:30 early , not very early , but I feel very good today . Seventy-two changes , what did it look like . See you tomorrow .
The days of good sisters slapsticking together have passed very quickly . I hope that when I get old , I can get together and dance square dance like this .
The man who called me baby every day gave me a great sense of security . He said : As long as you want to get married , we can get married anytime a woman hears the most beautiful words in her life , but that 's it~
The phenological observation form of the sorting team was sorted so that the computer was out of power . After sorting it , it was obviously saved . Why is it gone ? My heart is broken . I want Jingjing , do n't ask me who Jingjing is
Xiamen failed for the third winter , can I still wear the thick clothes I bought ?
I 've been watching anti-Japanese war dramas recently , and I hate it more and more . I really hate little Japan . I 'm so pissed
Watching movies , drinking coffee , chatting ~ the air is beautiful ! ❤️Previous Raiders 2 is really funny
After eating the glutinous rice balls that I want to eat , I am happy and harmonious with the people around me , and I will always be cared for and greeted ; there are people chatting with , um~ it ’ s nice
It 's like sending Perrin a word - the liar will kill the whole family !
The new version of Weibo will quit after watching the second video ! Ten thousand negative comments !
Yes , I know I ca n't miss you that much , but what 's the use ?
There are more troubles every day , why does n't God care for me ?
Good morning ... everything always seems so good ...
27 weeks : The due date is getting closer and closer , and the safe period is getting closer and closer , but I am more and more worried . The fetal movement and secretions are slightly abnormal . , I 'm afraid I wo n't relax until after 30 weeks , and I 've started preparing items for the baby . As a novice , I 'm at a loss , so I can only look through other people 's strategies and follow the trend to buy and buy . Biggest wish right now
I finally saw the sun , and I was in a good mood .
I have n't watched youth films for a long time , it 's not that I do n't like it , but I dare not watch it , because I do n't know which scene , which line , it easily touches the nerves that have been dusty for a long time ! It turned out that we and love used to be so close .
I am just an ordinary woman , what I want is very simple , simple life , serious work , attentive treatment of people , and good life .
There 's one thing going well tonight , and I 'll start the scolding mode. . .
Depressed , some things have been done for others , and I will blame you for not doing them well ! Alas , there is no love in this world , only money
I really like that this is all snow , sitting on the hot kang in the house , eating a roasted sweet potato
I knew from a young age that the world is scary and there are many bad people , but I never really cared about it , because I did n't involve my side , [ horrified ] and today , when the uncle thief put his hand into my pocket , he left calmly after being found to have failed , And when I have the courage to stop it , I understand what it feels like to be powerless in the face of danger and face it alone ... # MyMoodDiary #
After three sips , it 's all ice cubes and grass mud horse @ starbuckschina
Oh shit , how can you kiss me , Mr. Kang ! ! !
Why is there a sense of terror and fear , and my heart is tired early in the morning ... hey ... so tired
I hate some bastards talking to me but not replying for a long time
If you are in a good mood , the transaction volume will be high , and if the transaction volume is high , you will have the money to buy a lot of clothes
Every day is full of various things , and there is no time for me to think about life , unhappy
The single looped Mi Yabao until now , the first time I heard it , I thought it was average , but now it 's so addicting that I ca n't stop , the chorus is so good , I love the parts of Zhenhuan and Donghyuk , mainly the sound
I 'm so long ... I feel very , very , very upset ! ! !
Do n't delay any longer ! ! High school dog waited very hard
Maintain a sense of peace and sobriety ... Living in a busy city and creating peace ; sticking to yourself and enjoying the hustle and bustle ; in the journey of life , completely cut off the concept of time , and enjoy the process of leisurely embracing ... Appreciate the precipitation of the years and the depth of time ! Live up to the beautiful time that you and I met unexpectedly ; down-to-earth ; not indifferent : not in vain . Remember to be happy and sad : even if your heart is broken , you must have the most beautiful posture !
This Ferris wheel [ Ferris wheel ] is larger than that of Jinjiang Paradise , with 6 people per cable car . Just leaning against the lake , looking down at the rippling lake water , I was still afraid , so my movements were always stiff . Even if it is foggy , you can still see Peach Blossom Island and helium balloons . After watching the roller coaster several times from a height , the child came to the conclusion : Mom , this is too scary [ panic ]
First allergic rhinitis , then pharyngitis , and then a cold 💊 I forgot to take a few medicines and it escalated to a fever , I 'll go to the dead rhythm
A crossbar and a central column are kicking in a group of people , dare to enter one ?
I 'm so happy to be able to sleep for 8 hours on a working day . I had a lot of dreams last night . I also dreamed of receiving a text message . I thought it was true . She flipped through her phone in panic early in the morning . Hahaha convinced me , a person who lives in a dream all day long . 👻 The sun is shining today , Pan Xiaojie eight years ago , hello , are you ready to start a fantastic journey ?
Whether you are in the ends of the earth or in my heart , love is all giving , feeling , experience , and experience . Only in this way can we truly understand what love is . Love is a process of continuous movement , and sincere input can lead to true love .
Fresh air , happy breath , shoot into your soul through the air ; breathe the sun , hold up happiness , make a cup of sweet coffee , and receive the message of blessing~ Good morning
What the hell is Baidu voting ? This happens nine times out of 10 times when I call it , and I do n't want people to vote .
The third uncle said that if my brother does n't smoke or drink , he will not fit in and have no friends . People who say he does n't smoke and drink do n't care about you . You told my brother to learn to smoke and drink . Do n't you have a son who is going to junior high school ? Why did n't you teach him from a young age ? Learning to smoke , drink and eat betel nut , I 'm really mad at me . Who said that if you do n't smoke or drink , you 'll have no friends ? What 's your peace of mind
One hundred thousand grass-mud horses are galloping Ihateyou ! fuck !
The snow fell , and the ivory tower was buried . Many years of grievances , I will tell it after a month .
Therearesomanysecretsaboutyouinmyworldwhichbelongtomeneonly . ~ ~ In my world : there are many , many secrets . About you , but only for me !
Although as a liberal arts student , I feel that this is getting more and more difficult to get
When will I feel at ease Only I know the best , God pays off if there is a will , things will come true , no matter how big the obstacles , I still have full confidence in the future
After a long time of brushing , no one is looking for me to play with you bastards .
You feel tired because you are doing something you are not good at . You are tired of talking because you are racking your brains trying to say what others have in mind . You feel tired in communication because the other person has too many different qualities from you . Still better .
This place is backed by the mountain , and the mountain green hair is beautiful and the charm of Hengyue ;
A Finnish mother , Adele , used clothes , towels and other household props to pose Mila in many stories while her baby daughter Mila was sleeping . It takes a few minutes for each photo , very natural creativity and styling , which she put together into a photo album : `` Mila 's Daydream '' . So cute . Let your imagination run wild with moms !
12day , the baby went to review the jaundice today , the doctor said that the recovery is very good , and also praised the baby for being beautiful , hehe~ baby , mother loves you very much ...
I 'm ugly when I 'm in a good mood , and even more ugly when I 'm in a bad mood , so should I be in a good mood or in a bad mood ? Ugly anyway . So I 'm still not happy
There is a magical sky road in the Chengdu sky this morning , good morning friends
After the leg injury , the first morning without oversleep , so happy
Everything is really aggressive today ! ! ! It 's really too hot ... The girl in front has been printing things for 20 minutes ! ! ! Another guy hit me just now
Why am I still unhappy , it must be that I care too much about what other people think of me
I 'm going to bed , I 'm very happy to talk like this today , good night , Haichang .
The purpose of falling in love is not to have a romantic story , but to have results . And the men who can really give you results are not dreamy . They may not be so good-looking , not so good , and not so romantic , but they have one thing in common , that is , reliability . They wo n't leave you out in the cold , they wo n't make you sad . Because a good man will always have you in his heart .
No matter how hard life is , keep passion is always right , the road ahead is still long , the sun will always warm you 🌤
The fellows were so frightened and climaxed that they really thought that Beijing and Shanghai would be open forever , and they were all anxious to save money to survive , to see who would benefit . There are experts behind it who pointed out that this is a game . Now that the funds have been forced to the third- and fourth-tier cities , the task of destocking is about to be completed . A large number of over-issued renminbi were successfully locked up , which also boosted the economy . There is no Japanese model , nor a Moscow model . Really high .
Listening to the teacher talking about the mountains in class , I silently read Weibo . Suddenly I heard the teacher say that the teaching effect is proportional to the volume . I was shocked
Tianzifang is not enough~ I really like the music box of a store . Haha , I 'll buy it later~
Eating fruit is also a kind of knowledge , so collect it decisively ! ! !
When there is no class , you can ask me to do experiments at will , and let me ask for leave just to do experiments for you ? Even if I 'm not very serious in class , I do n't want to take time off .
Every morning when I go from being confused to being awake , I will send him a series of my knowledge from Kuku to him , but when I study for self-study next morning , he will wake up from his sleep , and then he will look at a bunch of things I said carefully . Wake up and straighten out these illogical and unclear words I said , hahaha , I think she is so happy and I am so envious that she has such a good Chinese bestie like me
I 'm not happy , I do n't like the weight loss exercises they squeeze in front of me at all , it 's so annoying ! Because when you want to be still , it 's most annoying when others move around ! Still so crowded !
In fact , those things that you can share with others generously are all things that you can let go of . Whether it is light or still moving , as long as you can say things objectively and completely , it proves that you have let go ; and Those you do n't want to think about or dare to say , avoid them with lingering fears , or use `` I have a friend '' to bring them along , that 's the hidden embarrassment . [ w ] Fuzhou·Heaven and Earth Coffee Tea ...
I feel very fulfilled and efficient today ❤ Maybe because I 'm about to see you , I 'm full of motivation 💪 Refill the meal card , take the express delivery , eat the barbecue , go to the supermarket to buy shampoo and paper , go back to school , go to the office to get a stamp , and then find information for Xiaoxi Take a shower with Xiaomei , then eat and watch a movie . I ’ m very tired today . I ’ m going to the South District tomorrow , but when I think of seeing you , I ’ m so happy and happy .
I 'm not in a good mood , but when I see you , it 's getting better again . I `` appropriate '' the picture of Tieba Jun to say goodnight to you .
People who do n't like it will do nothing . Maybe the more you do , the more annoying I get . Even chatting thinks you are so naive
md , I 'm a terminally ill patient . I watched a horror movie illustration , and all I can think of is the big eyes that popped out of the picture , it 's not moving at all 😞 , nozuonodie , the point is whyyoutry
I 'm so pissed tonight
Can a silly and silly motherfucker come out in the sun on a rainy day 🌞 hid under the heater and refused to leave
I 'm so happy , hahahahahahaha , I will have a very beautiful dream tonight
twenty . Good night . Thank you for remembering my birthday .
@ Guiyang Airport Official Weibo Guiyang Airport Line 3 waited for more than an hour , happy for two hours , it has not arrived yet , I ca n't stand it . beautiful airport
After taking poison for an afternoon , the experiment failed , and ten thousand grass and mud horses were galloping in my heart
Nothing is perfect : there is no perfect person either . Willing to give up will not suffer ! Moderate contentment will not regret : success in life is not about getting a good deck of cards ... but how to play bad cards well ; when the mind becomes calm and the spirit is eternal , give yourself a smile ! The sun is new every day .
Asking to work overtime in the evening , and going to work early in the morning ... Grass mud horse ! what company is this
Watching the sixth episode of unprettyrapstar , Jessi is really annoying . She did n't say what other people are to judge her before , but what is she to judge in this episode ? Jimin and kisum are the same contestants , why do n't you just go to be a judge ?
Mad , I really want to smash the TV ! It 's the last moment when the goalkeeper rushed to the frontcourt . It 's been 11 years and he has n't made any progress !
After listening to the old songs of newkidsontheblock all night , I turned out the NKOTBSB London concert again ! super love super love
This is the Heaven and Earth Society , and it is said that it is a whole person meeting !
It 's not easy for a hawker , but it 's not worth pity . Selling things on the road next to the bus station is very immoral
# FailGoalFootballVideo # The last line of defense is so violent and bloody ! The 10 most frightening and frightening fouls of goalkeepers
Either you have yourself or you do n't have your own sovereignty , why do you need to say more ? Why do you force E to act like a shrew before you listen ?
Every time I take a selfie , the face I see looks like a pancake cut in half , so sad
I 've made six calls , or I 'm on the phone and no one answers , what the hell are you doing ?
Horror moment : Today , I left Xiaobu and went to Guanqiao to invite my eldest brother-in-law . It was in a small village . Then on the way back I drove past a door and somehow I hit the corner of the stairs . The suspension of my sweaty BMW was damaged , and the right front wheel did n't obey . very scary ! Just called a tow truck . My dad went to pick us up , poor Xingkai is still waiting for the tow truck by the roadside . After I came back , my mother kept telling me to go to sleep and rest .
Your hair is like snow , sad and beautiful parting , I am waiting for someone to grow old
On the bumpy plane , I was very nervous , and the people next to me asked me why I did n't see me sleeping on the plane . I wanted to say that I was scared to death [ horrified ]
I heard that there is a spicy phoenix celery near the school , so the whole dormitory and my classmates happily ordered nine copies , nine copies ! Then , according to the agreed time , I went to the main entrance of Xinda to pick it up . They said that it was in the high school attached to Xinda . Hehe , I went to the high school attached to Xinda . They said that the rice noodles were gone . After all , we are also big customers in Jiufen .
Why ca n't there be more trust between people if there is an exam ? i 'm tired i 'm tired
I really do n't want to complain , but if you do n't come in the afternoon , let me know ! I wo n't come out of the bed , Director Spicy Chicken
It 's a great feeling to see the baby go from second place to first place
They are all people , they are all customers , why is there such a big difference ? Some people do n't say that they should pay the money , and they should make the goods ; why are some DMs so annoying , they are not satisfied with this , they are not satisfied with that , they are grinding , and when I mention it , there are thousands of grass-type animals in me . galloping past
I really envy you guys ... to know such a beautiful me ... hahahahahahahahahaha ...
I want to know what to wear in Guangzhou these days . Hangzhou is very cold . I have to wear a cotton jacket on the plane . Please tell me what to wear when I get off the plane .
A week later , I received a fax from the head of the library affairs department at Osaka Medical University . It was Yamanaka 's obituary , saying that the day after we interviewed Yamanaka , Yamanaka died while taking a bath .
I 'm so angry I want to swear
Taicang City has a developed economy , and its comprehensive economic strength ranks among the top 100 counties ( cities ) in the country .
The migraine is so angry , there are always a few scumbags around , and the mouth is so cheap , I really want to slap it
I just watched Huo Jianhua on Very Quiet Distance , so sad
Had a happy dream , the air is sweet . Hope dreams come true
In a play , two idiots vomit blood at the same time
Wearing the same style of my GD , I look beautiful again
`` Care for Single Eyelid '' ( subtitle : Why ca n't I finish my homework ) : Behind an eyeliner/is the endless sweat/only when you watch this way/can you vaguely perceive/its existence
So when you turn around , I 'm still waiting in place - good night world
Have enough courage to face the joys and sorrows . How long will it take to achieve `` not to be happy with things , not to be sad with oneself '' ?
If you lose your temperament changes and bring them into real life , can you still be accepted by society ? must be abandoned . Life is full of tragedies . Under the blow of reality , I am more and more obsessed with the space of SM . The taste and technique will become heavier and stronger , and it may develop into an unmanageable space . Non-stop self-tuning , completely from the physical to the spiritual evolution~
I recently discovered that the feeling of 12 years came back again . I was absent-minded when I spoke , my heart was full of fear , fear , and worry . Go to a place no one knows~~~|Chengdu·Guihu
It seems that people or things related to tea are incomparably beautiful . # National Tea Day # # beautiful # # beauty photo # # pure beauty #
People 's hearts are still not up to time , no matter how they change , they think it 's just people and things are wrong , but it ends up as things are right and people are wrong . Do n't say it lightly . You must know that words are like water . Words are the best , hearts will change , no amount of words and explanations seem so pale ...
I seem to be mentally ill , ca n't eat , ca n't sleep
Even our company is so swollen and desolate ! To be chased away by Telecom , no love . . . Panic ! Dead witch , see you and fight again later ! ! !
The more I think about it , the more angry I get , I will definitely pay back the next time I come ! 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 艹 ” Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
There is always one person , put it in your heart , and definitely say goodbye to life .
It 's really annoying . Wherever you go , someone will say something in your ear to influence you . No matter what your purpose is , labor and management are not interested in listening .
The most distressing thing is seeing things happen but being powerless and helpless !
People still . Things are still , it 's the weekend again ... you can think about it . Forget it : just greetings . It ’ s okay to be free or busy ; just be happy , today is good ! Ming is better . Sincerely wish ... a happy weekend ...
I am very angry ! unhappy , manic , wanting to hit and scold people
If you do n't save me , I will have nothing to eat for the next two weeks and I will have 5 bucks left .
For some reason , I feel that education is so powerless now . Facing the willfulness of children and the doting of parents , I do n't know where to start , and I do n't know how to properly educate . can anyone help me
& quot ; Real filming of the terrible Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy Netizens exclaimed : Scared the baby to death . Second shot video ( use # second shot # to record )
It seems that it is suitable to start now , and it needs a little coloring foundation . Another play .
Two hundred and five factory teachers , every time I chat with you , I am half-dead , changing my face faster than the sky , in addition to asking for money , I still want money ,
This is my first evening class today , and suddenly I feel that working in a culture class is more scary than being an art teacher
All day off , and let no one study hard
I really ca n't listen to the voices of some people , it affects the mood and work efficiency in particular ! 👿👿👿 It doesn ’ t work even with headphones on
Every day I open my eyes , I worry about which one to eat . . . Too many choices are exhausting !
The film is nearly 4 hours long , and the amount of information contained made me Baidu after watching it for a long time . I also thought about many places in the film for a long time . It is a very intriguing film that can not be summarized in a few paragraphs . And the starring production team of this film is no longer in the world , thank them for the classics they left us , `` Gone with the Wind '' is recommended to everyone .
This day has been so beautiful from the beginning~~Happy~~Thank you~~
1 Netizen commented ? Sleeper brother `` It 's so outrageous , it 's really unacceptable to wear a sleeper car like this .
If you do n't get something , it does n't mean you 're not good enough , maybe it 's just because it 's not for you . Something I 've always wanted to say .
There 's a person I hate so much , do n't go away ! so annoying
Mama admits that she is not a good life expert . I take care of you and take care of housework and life alone . Mama makes a mess . Sometimes Mama is tired and depressed , but watching you grow and improve little by little , Mama Still feel very happy , everything is worth it for you ! love you , mama dear binbinbin
Two buns a day save money and fill you up .
Just as a mother sometimes sacrifices for the dear creature she gave birth to ... instead of loving ourselves , we should be prepared to give our lives for its success . You should get rid of selfishness ; strive to the end with the spirit of diligence , the contribution is not enough . And never enough .
I 'm sorry to let this kind of thing appear on the homepage , but I ca n't suppress the evil spirit in my body when I see it . It 's okay for these two to lose their conscience . The scum is always beyond imagination . What the hell , is this the law of this country ?
After lunch , I walked from the cafeteria to the library and suddenly found that my schoolbag was gone . . . In a trance . . . job search anxiety syndrome
One of the hallmarks of maturity is learning to manage your emotions ... understanding the behavior of others : having strict demands on yourself . To others , let go of fearless complaints ;
I just like someone to accompany me to take a selfie , two fools , let 's be fools together for a lifetime
I thought Yang Yang 's performance was already handsome enough ! I did n't expect you two to be so handsome ! fighting , expecting
When I met such a stupid girl , Kai , Fa , I really hated myself for not being strict with myself earlier , so that I would never meet such a person again in the future .
hello today 's shadow of the sun , I hope to see you tomorrow
my stuff ! Do n't talk about robbing , I will play your life with you if you dare to covet ! Especially my man !
This is too exaggerated , right ? If you think about it like this , the young lady is only 7 years old this year . It 's really a skill for you to be in the bed of different men . Forget it , I do n't want to play word games with these people and show that I have no culture . low cargo calculation
Give yourself a glass of strength water to start the day with a good mood
Ten years from now , if you have n't married , then if I have n't married . Then we are really miserable , so miserable
# LanzhouPeopleSaidLanzhou # I heard that there would be radiation when I put my mobile phone next to the pillow when I was sleeping , so I quickly got up and threw the pillow away , scaring the baby to death ! [ moon ]
Life , a process of climbing , occasionally looking back , grace all the way , that is the strength to keep going ! Goahead ! With❤️and😊 ! Hallelujah !
Can you tell me , why do you have something to do every day after get off work ? An hour ago , no , you asked half an hour ago , and you said you were fine tonight , so you got a bag of medicine after get off work and added it . Is there something wrong with you ? Is there something wrong ? Pig teammate , I 'm sick of it
How magnificent ! This bold design lets you fill an entire wall with books
Losing weight has reduced to obsessive-compulsive disorder , and it is still morbid , and I am also drunk
1 . Main Responsibilities ( 1 ) Adhere to the `` two-oriented '' and `` double-hundred '' policy , encourage and promote literary and artistic workers to actively carry out various literary and artistic creation activities , and strive to produce more outstanding works and more outstanding talents .
I want to get a 6splus because I 'm still using a 10 year old Nokia
remember ! ! I 'm your only roommate after all we 've been together for so long 😂 ( Forgive my damn possessiveness 😂 )
Every time I go to Wanda , I go upstairs and downstairs to eat and watch movies . Tonight I found that there are more beautiful places . Show off the male god 's photography skills . Good night .
It feels like I really received his love letter early in the morning 💌 !
I do n't believe you anymore , you coax me to tell the truth , make me think you already understand , and then you get mad at me again , hate you , hate you , hate you , hate you
If I like someone , I will never let someone else confess for me
Are you all trying to get back the feeling you used to feel ? Why are you looking for it ? It 's really because you lost it . If there is the joy of being lost and found , you can say that there is no lingering panic . Even if you find it back , you will always miss a lot of life that can not be copied or played back . It is like an out of print book , the middle pages are torn up , and you will never see the content , only the feeling of lack .
In the two rounds against Hong Kong , China , the Chinese team hit the goal post eight times , missed a penalty kick , and was misjudged a goal . Both God and the referee are doing the right thing . In this way , the Chinese team almost missed the 2018 World Cup in Russia ahead of schedule . The most heart-wrenching thing is that when the national anthem is played , Hong Kong people are booing the national anthem , and a group of stray dogs
On the way home , I tried to restrain myself from the urge to smash my phone ...
Old Joe , I actually dreamed of you last night . So happy .
The customer service said that I was in the top 10,000 , and an extra brush head would be sent , and the fire in my heart last night was instantly extinguished .
In fact , I ’ m really afraid of the future , and I don ’ t want to look back on the past . I just want to stay in the present . I don ’ t want to be troubled , I don ’ t want to be timid . I want someone to always be with you just like now . .
I miss my dog ​​so much , I will never see it again , I really want to raise another one
What a terrifying thing the hairline shifts back ! [ Frightened ] [ Frightened ] [ Frightened ] ... Keep a good mood and take good care of your hair
The latest happiness comes from everyone saying that I am thin
I ca n't find the outlet of my emotions , thank you and you
I ’ m so busy that I ’ m afraid to die . All the things poured into it are broken like bubbles , but not all of them can be clinging to , but not all of them are trapped in the warmth of this quagmire . When my life is bright , I feel that I don ’ t need to care . When I ’ m quiet , I always miss my family . How can I cover up my weakness ? I ’ m afraid of my family and the future .
It was destined to be a frightening night . Walking with a friend who was hit by a drunk driver on the sidewalk , a loud bang that was destined to leave a shadow in my heart for a long time . This is the first time I have personally experienced a traffic accident , and the scene is so scary that I still have n't calmed down until now . Thank God the injury was n't too serious . Hope my friend gets better soon ! pray
Black Monday , my year of foul language is over
300 yuan to buy a lesson , maybe it is more reliable to send out flyers
Teacher , you clearly stated that the class will be at 10:00 , but you remember that you did n't say it at 10:30 . When it was time , you sent a message saying that you would be 15 minutes late . You hate it ! ! I 'm so sleepy today ...
I dreamed that there was an earthquake in Yunnan , and I waited for your dormitory to collapse . It 's not scary , it 's not scary when you die , it 's just that I 'll cry and miss you after you die , this TM is creepy .
It 's really annoying tonight~~ Could it be that Eason Chan came to Zhongshan for a concert , so Shiqi was blocked in many places
Hardy was one of the class 's elected representatives yesterday to compete in the grade-level individual half-minute rope skipping competition . He jumped 59 and won third place . I was very surprised to be able to participate , and to be able to jump out of such a good result , I really want to drop my jaw
I dreamed about my brother last night , he was still handsome as before , so open
I do n't know what to say anyway . I have n't been on Weibo for a long time . I wanted to come and see it today . When I opened it , I was surprised that the Weibo I posted before disappeared . How could this happen ?
Today is November 25 , 2015. hehe hee hee . Commemorate .
Haha clear the clouds and see the sunny day , my daughter-in-law , we will definitely be together for a long time
It seems to be snowing with goose feathers outside , I do n't know why I ca n't post pictures →_→That 's a screenshot of your handsome man ... Good night Hua Ge
I want a hot Jin Ding Xuan Durian Crisp to soothe my inner sadness . In November , some people are moving , some are happy , some are irritable , and I just want to eat a durian cake
I do n't think it 's okay to be beautiful . I 'm afraid of being beautiful and living a hard life , constantly improving myself . ——From a person who was inactive and panicked all day
The first snow in 2015 , although it was very cold , still gave everyone a small surprise . Do you think it is beautiful ? Homepage Jun , I saw a lot of friends playing snowball fights~ It ’ s really childish~ The road may be icy tomorrow , everyone must be careful on slippery roads and pay attention to safety~ ps : The wind children who went to the environmental education today , you guys Hard work , your hard work will always pay off~ Good night everyone
I have always resisted horror movies . I am timid and afraid of having nightmares [ sick ] , but I ca n't resist pyq , Weibo , and the continuous bombardment of everyone on [ Light Rail ] . [ Doraemon Khan ] is indeed qualified as a horror movie , enough to make You do n't dare to go to the toilet . As for some logics that do n't make sense : for example , the zombies run so fast to cooperate with [ fast track ] , and selfish people blast people who may become corpses to a safer carriage [ Doraemon Surprised ] Considering the protagonist 's halo Also understandable [ hum ]
I remember the fearful liver emperor who was controlled by Ouhuang Dahao that day . The European landlord is terrible|ω･ ` ) [ Doraemon surprised ] [ Doraemon surprised ]
Wang Junkai fans are amazing ! ! I did n't get up early , but when I finished my homework , I found that I was already the first
Every time I say I want to go to bed earlier , but I ca n't sleep in the end , I 'm so heartbroken
When I meet Lu Chi , I really want to scold my mother ! ! Cold stomach hurts thinking about myself like this
You ca n't see good people at all , it 's just heinous ! ! !
Why can Hong Kong , Macao , Taiwan , and international countries enter 2 hours in advance ? It 's too much to make everyone wait outside , how to serve customers ? It does n't fit in with the current environment . Think about it !
Giving up is often hard , but sometimes reason must outweigh emotion
What bullshit elective course in Computer Science , Level 2 , an elective course , Laoshi is forced to do this and that , can I still listen to you here , eat shit
Spoiling people , and inexplicably whitewashing them
The copyright owner should be pulled out and slapped ! Do you idiots know that ? ?
Good morning Oppa on Wednesday morning , oranges , good morning , it 's cooling down everyone , please wear more clothes today , please continue to move forward like a comet💪
Economics class can sleep ! ! ! my heart is joy
There are always regrets in life , but I long for perfection .
Life is so stupid , I do n't fully count the schedule for next week , and I have n't finished the three assignments due tomorrow . The seniors from Dongda University have been looking for a long time and have n't been able to return . When will this messy daily life be completed ? end
You do n't understand my hesitation , I do n't understand your silence
The scum wave was anti on the horse ! ! ! ! Depend on ! Despise the scum wave for ten thousand years
From today onwards , I will refuse the destruction of chicken soup and duck soup to my soul
I have never been on the bus since I went to work🚌🚌Because I was lazy , I couldn ’ t get up early , and I spent a lot of money . It was the first time I got up early to take the bus , and I was in a good mood ! A leisurely work , a beautiful day is coming
Whether it ’ s helping refugees with limited coins , bravely and tactfully evading the pursuit and carrying out the mission , inadvertently making a romantic confession of love to fans during the period , or even helplessly shrugging and stomping our feet when caught by hunters , we are the most The most real Yi Yang Qianxi in love .
You can scald me with boiling water , or freeze me with ice water , but you ca n't use warm water , what I want is black and white , clean and neat ...
God , either give me a client ... or give me a job ... I 'm going to break down
Damn you , uncle , you are really sick , can you still let people stay , one after another insane in the morning , ca n't you live without being picky ?
Damn it , I ca n't get in without a vpn and force me to download a vpn after the last shot , go to sleep
There are too many unpleasant things , like a fireball that will explode at any time
This picture is so good ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The post-00s speak unspoken rules , the post-90s aunts are stunned , and the post-80s grandmothers are stunned
China Telecom , the service attitude is too bad ! It 's been five days since we said three days ! I 'm getting impatient waiting !
I ca n't eat breakfast , the Chinese food is unpalatable , and the air conditioner is not turned on
Can I say that I was kind just now , do I regret it now .
Honeymoon travel , although shortened to less than a week , is the person you like , the price is not high , and the taxi fare is not to mention ... If life can be shortened to some trivial things , and more of what you like ~ how beautiful it should be .
To youth and another movie that looks good after those years , Little Lucky
What kind of people are they~ I was mad at me early in the morning~ If I don ’ t come , it ’ s none of my business~
2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 is simply unbearable to me but in my 25 year old life I did meet a lot of people who do n't pay attention to details and do n't respect her people
Saw your message ! I read each of them carefully , and some of them are really touching . Thank you for your continued support , and I will strive for more benefits for you ! If you did n't get it this time , you 're not far from the next benefit .
I was really afraid of husband and wife fighting . When I saw it and heard it , I felt extremely uncomfortable . The scolding was ugly and the beating was fierce , as if they were going to kill the opponent ! But it ca n't solve any problems , not only hurts , but also hurts feelings ! If there is a conflict , sit down and have a good exchange , ca n't you ? Why must it be resolved in such an extremely violent way ? Be a reasonable person with knowledge , culture and literacy . ( The battle upstairs , I was frightened to expand the full text c
Sunshine is so good~ Morning reading is so good~ Let ’ s work hard to do the things in front of you~ Let ’ s work hard together~ Be yourself , you will have what you want , sooner or later , don ’ t worry
A football association president who plays table tennis hired a stubborn French idiot to be the coach . He made a player who used to be able to shoot a few feet on the court . He would only practice passing the ball in the game . Fuck you . of ! !
Heating in the south is especially sad in winter when it should be heated .
Participated in the baby sports meeting for the first time in my life on Sunday , and the performance was great ! I was eager to try it before the opening , and I didn ’ t want to come out when I went in . All kinds of projects could be completed very well . What surprised my mother the most was that you could understand the rules with only one lecture ! What do you like most about drilling tents and crossing bridges ? Repeated again and again , Xiao Bawang actually opened the children in front of him and let me come ! 😳😳Today , I am willing to wear a sleeping bag for the first time~
The results that come naturally will not be too bad .
Zebra , Zebra , do you remember me ? I 'm a child who speaks of sorrow
The ultimate question : What does it feel like to die one day and have things to do . ( Damn , I do n't want to die
I do n't know if it 's an illusion , I suddenly feel that you can start to accept me slowly , an unprecedented sense of happiness
I 'm pissed , but at this time , the pos Unicom card is faulty
[ Scared ] Putting this mask on at night can scare people to death (
In places you ca n't see , I also live and study very seriously . Save money to interview , only hope that one day , fly to the blue sky .
Wake up , beautiful day , in a good mood , things are going well
Severe cold , dizzy , coughing lungs about to explode , get up at 4:30 every day and get off work at 9:30 at night , want to take a leave but was told that the practice department is coming to an end , too busy and not enough staff I will fuck your mother
Pretending to be a gui , what the hell ! I 'm furious ! ! !
I 'm not very good at football , but if someone booed my country 's national anthem , I 'd try my best to make him obey
The passenger plane landed in a crosswind , and the 737 Prague Airport staged a thrilling scene ! The captain immediately pulled up for a go-around . When landing , the downwind sheared suddenly , and the whole fuselage suddenly sank . The right landing gear should be overloaded on the ground . After falling and bouncing up again , it is necessary to do the inspection of the rear landing gear structure . It 's really scary , I guess I 'm scared to death when I sit in it , and I 'm afraid of flying . Video in seconds
What a bad teacher , I ca n't understand the lectures , and I ca n't read things well . It seems that I just learned to speak . She is a junior . She was sent by the college to play with us . Can you really change us to a good teacher and teach us well ? This kind of teacher teaching is too insulting to our classmates who are sitting in the classroom and studying . I ca n't bear it anymore . I have to complain if there is no teacher in the college . The aunt who cleans is given to Zhenglai as a teacher .
Fuck , I had nightmares in a row , woke up four times in the middle , but I was so sleepy , I fell asleep instantly , and then I did it again , dreaming about everything I was afraid of in reality , not afraid of incomplete dreams , anyway , the days are long
Laugh at 100 steps with 50 steps ! You who only admire the strong but despise the weak are really EX
Lie , I ca n't see the last ball for 3 minutes
You see , we who have lost our fate will never meet in the same city .
I hurt my fingers when I practiced the piano , and my ring finger and middle finger were so sore that I could n't type the code ...
Always angry , the uncontrollable rhythm has driven me crazy .
Dreaming of the people and things in the past , everyone has not changed , and it is still the same as before . I am tired recently . I want to go back to the past and go back to those people ❤️
The angry 🐡 puffer fish 🐡 just got off work and rushed home against the cold wind ... This company is really good enough , it was already in a recession , and it has raised a bunch of employees who are more temperamental than their abilities , and their hearts are more than their wages .
Every call from @ Didi Chuxing is grabbed by Didi from a distance of one or two kilometers , and it takes more than 20 minutes to grab each call ! ! ! Very time consuming ! ! ! ! !
There are so many encounters in life , but I like the one with you
This morning , half an hour of 'ideological education ' , half an hour of 'apology meeting ' , one hour of inability to make calls , and one hour of local trips ... Conclusion : The interpersonal relationship in the workplace is an unconsidered one , It will lead to a series of character 'corruption ' ; go to the government department to do things , do n't expect telephone consultation to solve ( busy line ... ) .
# 一成相情 # A brave person is never afraid to try the taste of failure , because in his dictionary , failure is not terrible , what is terrible is that he does not have the courage to overcome failure . From now on , be a brave person and face every day of life with confidence . ( Graphics and texts come from the Internet )
The first solar calendar birthday in college , thank you my friend !
The past you ca n't tell anymore , clichés , I do n't want to listen . The stories I ca n't tell are boring , you do n't need to ask . In the rush of time , I lost you , you lost me ...
Life is so beautiful , it 's a pity it does n't snow here !
It hurts that I ca n't look directly at his picture , I must be alone
The 9.3 rating is really not a cover , and I want to watch it again after reading it .
It is the happiest thing that the other person likes the gift you choose
The bitch is hypocritical , it 's you , come and see
Do n't forget to give yourself a psychological hint in the morning : a beautiful day has begun , spend it happily , live with a smile , I can do it !
There is too much noise in the world , and it will be the greatest success and happiness to be yourself all your life .
Today , a classmate sent me a photo of sleeping in the classroom at that time , and it feels like it ’ s not too long ago . Looking back , I can see that the long hair is waist-length and the short sister ’ s head is parted in the middle . Time has changed⏳⏳Thinking about it again , I always take 2 as the Ten digits are used to calculate the age . I feel sad without realizing it . Forget it , I won ’ t sigh in the middle of the night . Let ’ s just sleep well .
I feel like I 'm fighting monsters to upgrade now . game life , i like it
It 's too much , the Chinese team scored a goal , and the referee did n't even count it . Complain to the referee
The woman suddenly became furious , `` I lost 520 last time , and this time I lost 748 , you can take out your money , you are awesome ! What is the password , not to mention that you will be abolished ! '' The man fearfully spat out six numbers . 438438 ''
Uncle brings these things every time he comes back from a business trip ! specialty
I feel sorry for the people of Guangdong and the people of Nanning who have failed to enter the winter four times
When I encounter it , I have to come and make a fuss in the middle of the night , like a good joke .
Pit father tutor , you are rough ! Baby promise not to kill you ! I woke up early in the morning and went back to school to see you . You actually said something was wrong . It 's not today or tomorrow ! Do you know that I was very sleepy when I got home after one o'clock yesterday !
I was away from home two days ago and asked my dad to help me feed the dog . He actually gave Doudou a chicken leg . As a result , now he has a crazy love for meat and doesn ’ t eat much dog food .
There is still a good ranking today , and now I am busy preparing for exams and physical examinations . I can only see that Xia Baobao is in a good mood . Our two boys are getting better and better and more handsome . I am very happy , good night , I hope you two Can also be happy every day .
TM 's , Shanlian 's courier is dead , no delivery for two days
I used to think that I have always been by your side , always caring about you , always paying , always putting you in the most important position in my heart , maybe there will be results . Recently , I found that I was very wrong . If I keep going , I will never forget you . So I made the bravest decision I cut off contact hope you are well
Looking at Tiantian Up , Kunling is not bad . Am I Aiwujiwu ?
I 'm so upset when I think about our school 's late holiday
I love the people I love with all my strength , you wo n't regret loving me
Is my avatar good-looking ? It 's so delicious and beautiful , it 's beyond me ! ! Goddess 💃🏻💃🏻💃🏻
Although he does n't understand her piano , he understands her feelings . Although she does n't have bright eyes , she has a clear heart .
Every time I go out , I can only take a big bag and not a suitcase , I just want to swear
I like you the most ! Companionship is the longest confession of love . I think I will probably love Zhenqin for the rest of my life .
I finally bought 3D glasses and watched it . Although I do n't understand it all , I can guess it .
The double 11 horses are all deceptive -_-b I bought something from more than 100 foreign countries , and after the double 11 , the TM dropped by more than 50 ! I only have a surging trough left to say ! ! What the hell ! ! ! 😒😒
Yesterday , I had to worry about my own traffic . I just saw that there was only 100 megabytes left .
The courier called me today and asked me if you were still there in the first sentence . I was stunned for two seconds and returned to me . What 's the situation !
Only an accountant can understand how delicate the feelings are ❤️ . The most beautiful thing I have encountered is to transfer you from `` construction in progress '' to my `` fixed assets '' ~
Also , when you attend the press conference of `` One Spoon '' , just attend it , what exactly do you want to be so handsome ? Want to fascinate someone ? ╭ ( ╯^╰ ) ╮You have to be resolute and be mad . ╭ ( ╯^╰ ) ╮
Good night , I knock the cute fruit and the comeback is getting closer 👏
That 's good , free from each other . I believe that I will have people who are truly lovable and who love me , just as others will come .
If you ca n't accompany me to the end , do n't enter my life halfway . You know , I could have gotten used to being alone , but neither of us could accept that we were alone , and suddenly we were alone #
🎀If you have the backbone , you can prove yourself with your strength . As long as your thoughts do n't slip , there are always more methods than difficulties . Gradually , I believe that transcendence is never-ending , and gradually , I believe that heaven rewards hard work , this world does not believe in tears , there is no umbrella The children who are young must run even harder , 🙏 Children without a boat must move forward even more , the unknown world is more suitable for wandering , and the windy night is more suitable for flying ! Girlfriend ! good morning
I want to buy the Sony Dafa Headphones 1300 , which is not very expensive , but I am still very poor
# Girl lifted the restricted area # Ni Jingjuan 's appalling serial murder case , the terrifying proud demolition
I really don ’ t want to talk , I will be judged if I do too much , and I will be judged if I do too little . It ’ s none of my business or I will be judged .
I long for such a day that I can live with a group of sincere people around me
Xiaobao loves rolling now , why does n't he move when he shows it to Baba ?
I think sticking to painting is the only way to make me a little bit special . My parents want me to be safe and stable in my life . Talk about a normal relationship and find a stable job/But I still hope that I can be romantic and become an illustrator with my own style . This will only be a side hustle in the future , but as long as I persevere and improve my painting skills , I will be satisfied .
The most annoying thing is that they will be noisy , growl and cry after they get along ! The two of them came to me , `` Hurry up and help ... Look at your son ... I ca n't figure it out ... He wo n't let me take care of ... '' That `` Mom , no dad ! '' ... I really hate the father who has no patience , skills and growth .
I really like him ... I like him so much ... how to see how to like him
It 's so fucking scary , I 'm going to hide , hiding my merit and fame , it scared me to death .
It seems that it will be 2016 in more than a month , and I still have n't done anything .
Many things are understood . Just ca n't let go or forget .
Therefore , when the investment in the Red October Market has not been fully recovered , Mi Enhua did not ask the government for a penny , and moved the market to the north side of the West Bridge for free .
Figure 24 is super loving , okay ? I wo n't tell you I 've watched it twenty times
Husband , happy birthday , although we often disagree , although you are not romantic enough , although we quarrel constantly , but thank you for being tolerant to me , I hope we will go on better in the days to come .
I 'm really annoyed by that kind of reaching out party , friends do n't dare to complain about the space , just let me roar on Weibo ! what are your hands for ?
It does n't matter what , it 's been waiting for you to be ready to marry you . dy !
It is rare for Xiaojun to get up so early . . . But it seems very good to sit at the highest point of Tongji and have a bird's-eye view of the center of Foshan . The boys and girls who have not been to Tongji should seize the opportunity ... 5 minutes to take you around Tongji
There really is that kind of person that makes you want to smoke him hundreds of times in minutes !
I hate bed bugs because it not only woke me up last night but also woke me up when I was dreaming about the deer it was unbearable
Computer screen is broken , glasses are broken , shit , brain is broken
In the past , Han Shan asked Shi De , `` The world slandered me , bullied me , insulted me , laughed at me , despised me , despised me , hated me , deceived me , how to deal with it ? Shi Deyun : Just bear with him , let him , let him , avoid him , be patient with him , respect him , and ignore him .
Be kind to yourself in the future , do n't let yourself suffer too much .
You have to be a calm adult , you are not allowed to be emotional , you are not allowed to secretly miss , and you are not allowed to look back . Live your own life .
Sure enough , I still enjoy the fast-paced life , yeah~ Wearing headphones through the lazy crowd is me hahahaha
More than 2,000 Tencent Weibo posts were deleted for two hours and finally deleted ! let it go , start over ... feeling great
I was already insecure , and every day I was trembling and worried that you would not want me before we met in the early morning of the 3rd .
All kinds of shit are annoying , no one , do n't bother me , I do n't promise I 'll go crazy
There is an excellent team of teachers and a good teaching atmosphere .
I will do what I promised , it 's just a matter of time , wait for me !
result . . . I 'm dead~~~ What are you raising to die for ?
Those we have been curious , but also have some uneasy future , Shenzhen wedding photography studio sometimes in my heart , I vaguely feel that they are bright . [ snowflake ]
A night full of fun .... it 's supper now ... because it 's fun , so remember everyone you meet for the first time ...
25 minutes to discuss that 10 minutes is already a style I ca n't change . . . But the shameless interviewer actually said that I did not contribute ! MD ! The theme is the way of publicity that I have determined . I said several final activities are what I said about after-sales and I concluded that I did not contribute ! I have no ears !
When I think of going back there , my heart is ashes ! I really want to escape and never face those people and things !
It 's not that you catch a cold four times a month . It 's not better at all . Who told you not to take medicine ?
I put the rest of the midsummer in my junior year ! Good morning .
After I finished the first Chinese test , I knew that the composition seemed to be off topic , so it was sleepless nights. . . . Today 's exam , I started to get nervous yesterday , and now I will wake up from a dream about the college entrance examination , a nightmare for the rest of my life ! ! !
Dillon 's three-section sticks are really cool , and the double knives in the sleeves are very suitable for the voice boy . Sun Zhong 's plot is very catchy . He clearly opened the suspense , but he knew it but did n't know why , forcing you to look down to find out . [ I do n't think so , the reason why you do n't kill is that you fell in love with that girl named Xiaofeng . If you put on another person who has no feelings for you , it may not be able to change your style . 】Like the lines !
I vomited again today , and the stomach acid rushed out of my mouth , which is really annoying . Money ca n't make me excited anymore , I have no desires all day , I feel so bored , I have nothing to look forward to and nothing to think about . Enthusiasm and desire for material things and life disappeared all of a sudden , no matter how much money my husband gave me , I would be happy . When will morning sickness go away , can I change back to the original me ?
A little happy today . I drew all my love in , I know you know
Good at least I still have a big dimple to remind me to smile all the time
The most annoying thing in my life is writing plans and reporting these things ! This is simply a lie I made up to myself ! Then show it to others
I really hope you can understand that I do n't have too much of your heart like they are all hotels and I am home I will wait for you to look back and see me I will leave all my goodness to you if you gave it to you today I am not the answer , then I will give you all the warmth and hugs that I have saved , but everything is so unsatisfactory , I will bury this love deep in my heart , and no one can touch it . Continue to be my girl in the end . I ca n't help but want to cry , my heart hurts
I really ca n't stand the chatter between the two men in the study room . It 's so shameless , I 'm going to freak out
This year can be said to be unlucky , it can also be said to be lucky . Fortunately , in your pinch , there is still hope that pops up . And this sudden hope can often be comforting throughout your life .
The most complete scene , the most real people , the clearest nightmare ... I did n't know where I was when I woke up [ tears ] It was terrible
There are surprises every year , especially this year . This article is simply jaw-dropping !
I had a very scary and scary dream . It was so real that I did n't dare to tell my roommate ...
The Internet is so bad every night , I want to complain every day and I will replace you immediately when it expires , Bitchi
The baby turned three months yesterday , and Mama was too busy to post on Weibo . I feel so busy every day . Ma Ma wishes the baby to grow up healthily and happily
Curse before going to bed , those villains who stabbed in the back , have children without belly buttons
ISIS is a terrorist organization that can not be underestimated . What makes me happy is that there are no Chinese people in the organization but there are Singaporeans .
The point is the table oh hahaha ! I think I 'm super sweet
Some thieves are comparable to robbers , starting to pry doors from the second floor to the fifth floor and turn the house upside down . Hit them 100 times without getting rid of the hate
Good morning ! I usually take this path if I 'm not in a hurry . It 's clean and not so noisy . Anyway , it 's cool .
I do n't know the format of the answer at all . I was worried about it and it happened .
Really painful
Haha , it 's snowing in Hefei , but it 's very small . The first snow of this winter , I suddenly remembered the song I heard Daolang sing when I was a child , hey , there is an exam in the afternoon , the boss said to go to happy after the exam , but it 's really hard to accompany the boss to dinner It 's not something that can be described by the word `` happy '' , it 's suffering ! The soap flakes of Zhang Da Mi Mi were pressed and shocked
The stars ca n't pass through the fence , and love ca n't survive the winter . Every year , I 'm falling out of love . Next year 2333
The surprise of life may lie in the unknown , but when facing the person I love the most , I really want to have the ability to predict everything , so that I can know what to do so as not to hurt him .
Hee hee , I 'm the kind of girlfriend who likes to be spoiled , cute and troublesome .
My mother is not strong , do n't hurt her in the years .
On some issues , I have always been unable to reach a consensus with the mother , my heart shaishai
I made my eyes look like ghosts , and they said they painted the same as Li Ying Ae ’ s . My eyes were split , or the woman was blind . I also used liquid eyeliner , eyeliner pencil , and silkworm pen on my eyes . After all kinds of promotions , I just bought a lip brush ...
( A black lump the size of a thumb suddenly appears on the forehead , which is a sign of a critical illness ) No , it 's okay to come to someone to save me , do n't scare me , I have n't reached the time of death yet .
The shoes that came into Double Eleven were originally recognized by the slow express delivery at this time , but the shopkeeper even sent me EMS economic express , seeing that the logistics information was not updated for a few days .
The old lady has already exploded with negative energy ... I ca n't speak properly ohshit ... @ ward @ ward @ ward What 's the explanation ?
Listening to songs ~ study ~ work hard ~ in order not to miss a better tomorrow ~
Shanghai Kennel Pet Clinic ! ! ! The bastard is not as good as the beast ! ! !
Thinking about it , it ’ s really good . When it ’ s tough , there are always people who care about you . You can always be with your confidant when you eat , drink , and have fun . If you don ’ t read books , you can ’ t even express yourself well . That ’ s it , goodluck
Nima , the contract has been signed , the money has been collected and I have no seat ! ! ! It 's still freezing outside in such a heavy rain , and there is no food to eat , and complaints are added ! They also sell wool seats ! ! ! ! 😡
Those we thought we would never forget will eventually be forgotten
This is really going to be an accident . Who should the ghost of the plane find reason ... Civil terrorists ... It 's too scary , it 's too stupid to kill them all .
My head is not good lately , so I deleted some things by mistake yesterday , and I have to do it again . Now my eyes are about to burst .
Whoever took pictures of my house when I woke up is still pretty good looking
I know you are not suitable for me , but I still love you with all my heart , I know your brothers are higher than me , but I still compare them every day , I know you still listen to your mother , but I still I did n't go to please your mother , I know that our relationship has become the dependence of emotional life , but I still want to go back to the past , when you took me as your heart ...
A company that does not pay wages on time is not a good company , and a company that delays paying wages on weekends can not grow !
I just realized it now , looking at the wedding photos carefully is really getting more and more angry ! ! Oh , do n't say anything , it was just a fool back then ! ! At a certain point , when I see your posts every day , I choose good shots and post them very carefully . In fact , many details about newcomers have already gone downhill ! If not for a friend to know ! Hehehehehe ... It 's been a few years , there is no credit and hard work , forget it ! If you have friends , I definitely do n't recommend it ! !
I waited in line with this idiot for an afternoon to pay tuition fees . Seeing so many people , I thought of sitting down and resting , but we just arrived . We just saw hope that they were going to get off work ! ! ! ! Three hours is so stupid
【shock ! Crazy semi-trailer rammed the law enforcement vehicle and injured law enforcement officers ] On the 10th , Weifang driver Wang was driving an ultra-high and ultra-wide semi-trailer . When he encountered a law enforcement officer , he refused to stop for inspection and ran a red light to flee ; The law enforcement vehicle was damaged and three law enforcement officers were injured . On the 17th , the crazy semi-trailer driver has been detained on suspicion of obstructing official duties .
Last night 's birthday was spent on the night shift . So sad !
All the electrical appliances are on , let 's go well ! sleep .
Yes , when I learned that the two-month experiment was a failure from start to finish , it felt like a two-month-old miscarriage ! make me cry !
This kind of workload , I ca n't do it ! I want to get angry every minute !
So kind to you , so to me ! ! Do n't blame me for taking revenge today ! !
I 'm going to starve my girlfriend , I wo n't hack you to death ! ! ! !
It seems that any line is crowded during the rush hour . Line 3 and Line 5 are also crowded . Sister 's glasses are crowded out !
Well , I was also drunk , so I borrowed a computer to print it out for my colleagues , Nima , I did it all in the morning .
I ca n't say how filial I am . After all , I am not by my side all the year round , and what I can do is too limited . I wish the most important male god in my life a happy birthday ! Healthy and safe ! 🙏🙏🙏
Buy and buy on Double Eleven , the whole girl 's heart is filled ( 〃 > ▽ < 〃 ) / *
When tearing open a scar , the pain only I can feel . When you draw a portrait without eyes , the loss can only be experienced by yourself . When you are lost in the crowd , you can only stand there and do n't know where to go . When you stand in a square , you can only I understand that my shadow is lonely , and that only I can experience everything .
Thinking of the conversation I had with my old friend today. . I have a friend who guards the good memories with me for many years . I haven ’ t seen the past for many years . We all still remember the little things in those years . I was moved and shed tears . It turns out that God arranged such a plot after many years . Our relationship is very old-fashioned , but very touching and too happy to be indescribable. . 😚 We are all so happy and grateful ! !
I was also drunk , and I broke the office key before I went to work for a week .
I just found out today that Huawei has done a good job , except that the system is not as smooth as ios , it should be able to compare with rose gold
Simple lunch ... The waiter even said that I did n't have enough food , which eye saw that I could eat it
Mag machine . I really lost 555 of my campus card while having a meal ... Even though I found it was lost before I left the cafeteria door , I went back and turned around and I still could n't find it _ ( :3 '' ∠ ) _ . Stupid , I 'm so stupid .
Jealousy is the most obvious confession , waiting is the stupidest confession , and companionship is the most affectionate confession .
Damn , I 've been urged by various people to find someone recently . From elementary school classmates to postgraduate classmates , from relatives to uncles and aunts who do n't know each other , it 's really enough . If you bother me again , I will go to blog
For Mandarin registration , the password of the educational administration system can not be remembered . Tried all the permutations and combinations , still wrong . The small sample , the anti-theft factor is so high , I ca n't decipher it myself !
The automatic washing machine swallowed my money and did n't do the work , it was really maddening ! ! !
Feng Xiaoting passed the ball to the center Yang Xu , Feng Xiaoting passed the ball to the right back Zhang Linpeng , and Feng Xiaoting passed the ball to the left back Zou Zheng . Paralysis A Ting is our playmaker , right ? ? ? , kicked a piece of shit
I really ca n't stand to talk about academic qualifications . If you do this again , I wo n't play with you .
Every day is a little strong that ca n't be beaten , la la la~~ Good morning , everyone
It 's going to explode in the morning , it 's going to explode ! Just going crazy !
I want to be pissed , and I 'm so pissed off . It seems that I have to quarrel with this person who occupied my seat and threw my books after the self-study !
Do fucking administrative people like to let people prove that your mother is your mother ?
I got here before 8:00 in the morning , and I waited until 8:50 to sign three names , and I have to sign two more at one place . Do you dare to give some regulations ! No one said to sign five names , okay ? file no more
Nima , these kidnappers , catch one and kill the other !
Nima 's ! ! ! Can you tell me in advance if you want to stop the water ! Madam is too much of a goddamn fuck ! The water often stops suddenly ! I 'll wait until two o'clock and no water will come ! how the fuck do you tell me to sleep
I am unemployed and it is hard to find a job . Now I have no food to eat , and I will soon be living on the streets .
`` Real filming of the terrible traditional Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy . Netizens shouted : scared the baby to death # second shot video ( recorded with # second shot # )
sb teacher fucks me
I feel so sad every time something goes wrong at work
A capital strong | The story comes to the end , just a few words but how much taste it contains
In the past , the mobile phone screen insurance was also all of me .
Learning regardless of results is a joyous growth in itself
This voting method is so shameless , is it the idea of ​​the third child ?
# Lanzhou Cuisine # The feeling of eating plums : It 's been an hour since I ate plums at 23 o'clock last night💦The gas in my stomach started ... 😂😂 I just woke up and felt like cc , and sure enough ... 😂😂😂 very Smooth , I will insist on eating , 😋😋😋 looking forward to it😈
A family member fell down when we went in after taking the photo . He kept looking back . And then told us not to shoot . His face stinks a bit . I was so nervous when I went in with him .
When Nima arrives in winter , her feet are lumps of ice , and it feels like it 's not her own feet ... How to solve it ? ? ?
The difference between human beings and beasts is that human beings will repay kindness and beasts will cross rivers and demolish bridges .
It is hard to meet people who have lost their fate even in a city
It 's been several days , and a radiator in the house is not hot , so I 'll go
In the future , the space will not dare to post photos , each with a big face and a big face , so I feel bad for myself
# 1124Zhou ZekaiHappy Birthday # Akai Happy Birthday .
After chasing for two years , the book that has been in the pit for two years finally has news that it will continue to be updated and published~~ Happy , turn around~~
Our host is the most annoying host in the world
There are all kinds of bird people in the world , so shameless .
Every time I see this kind of announcement , I will take a breath of air , deeply surprised and admired .
Take me away , Sleeper , I do n't want to lose sleep . have to work tomorrow .
With the face of a little girl , the mouth of the old lady is really a big forest , and there are all kinds of birds
When I was doing the questions , I was impatient , and the correct rate of the quantitative data was not going up all the time , especially the data analysis was almost useless , and I did n't want to take a second look . The score of one set of questions is lower than that of the other set , alas
I said that I fell asleep after watching Songs in the Clouds and Ren Simeng laughed at me . In fact , when I saw Brother Ling died , I didn ’ t want to live anymore , so I just watched and didn ’ t feel emotional .
I like this kind of winter , it 's snowy and it 's super-feeling . It should be purple in winter
After get off work , I dragged my heavy and tired body and wanted to fall asleep immediately , but I went to take a shower , I would die if I did n't take a shower . I 'm so tired every day , I really do n't know what to do ! I do n't even have the chance to wear beautiful clothes and step on high heels , let alone have a break to make an appointment to have a few bangs . I comb all my hair every day , it 's not like a person ! worn out
Birthday wish is : Passed all exams ! The family is in good health ! Money is running out !
Today , the general manager was away , the HR manager asked for leave , and the HR supervisor went out . Several interviews with the investment director and the online sales manager came . The supervisor asked me to interview them ... At that time , I was shocked and scared the baby to death . . . calm down
Forgot to turn off the cache switch and lost 1 g of traffic
Thank you to all who remember my birthday although it has n't arrived yet , thank you for reminding me
Why are there such ignorant and crazy couples ? I remember seeing a story about a wife cheating a kind-hearted schoolgirl on the road to go home and rape her husband . Really , I can only say that there are snakes and rats , trash loves trash
Moveha hermit crabs surround the turkey , is n't it very festive~ Thank you for using Moveha to rent a house~
Forget it , come here to scold , vent , let the bitches die !
November 17 , 2015 : Happy daughter , mother and daughter are safe ! Xiao Gongzhu is so good , what ? ! !
The leaves have fallen , so do n't wait until you ca n't wait . It 's very satisfying to curl up for the winter .
Spicy 6 Oh , my friends and I were stunned
I 'm glad there is a man in my world that interests me .
In the middle of the night , I saw an article and listened to a song . I could n't stop crying .
You guys are so noisy , I do n't know what each one is arguing about
Smelly it ! Eat pancake fruit ! Stop by the road to charge , after eating the pancake fruit , the battery is dead , wait for someone to help !
Sometimes I work hard all day just for a bad review
Yang Yang , come over and let 's talk @ 杨阳icon
It 's terrible [ Tan Shou ] When I was a senior , I went home for wedding wine and was bombarded by various relatives in turn , `` Where is your boyfriend/have you found a boyfriend/in a few years , it 's up to you ? '' frightened
I 'm upset , I ca n't stop designing , I 'm in pain , I do n't know what time it will be , I have to go to work tomorrow , I 'll have to sleep until dawn
# zhengkaifabao # The content of the marketing blog needs to be studied , and the facts are clear and then disputed . Sorry , I fell asleep .
I 've never felt so upset about this job . After walking for a while , I was afraid of being left by the inspector for a while and I had to ask for leave in writing . Really , really , it 's enough .
I do n't want to leave you anymore~ Mom , I 'm so happy with you
Tired of shopping ... but I ate the worst meal ever ... I 'm so pissed at me and I @ Mrs.TongJessica
The fleeting years are not good and everything is not suitable . I finally did an expansion training and I caught a cold ... I wanted to cut a lemon and soak it in water to drink it . I hope the cold will get better soon . …
I still remember the first time I was tremblingly trimming your eyebrows and drawing a little bit for you , I suddenly felt that my man was so fucking handsome .
The conversion head and USB sent by Sister Daying are so handsome that they come with magic special effects
At the moment of getting on the plane , life and death are not decided by myself . The strong airflow is what I fear the most . The anxiety and fear are indescribable . It does n't matter how late or tired during the journey . A safe arrival is the best . I have arrived at Kunming Airport safely , and I will start my Yunnan trip tomorrow ... ( Queen Yan )
In the middle of the night , the mouse bravely crawled over my feet , my heart kept beating , my hands and feet trembled and screamed , only to realize that I was a mouse 's distance away from a real man ! I really want to scold the street now , I want to really want to really scared to death , the baby is frightened , Nima goes to Nima , I want to buy a mouse to stick , but what happens after it sticks ? Whoever comes to take care of the funeral , I feel that the whole person is not well . Well , if you say something rude to your uncle , it really scared Dad to death [ tears ]
One percent staying power . Good night .
I hope that at 13:14 on May 20th this year , someone will tell me I love you , and let me know that there are still people in this world who care about me , whether friendship , love , or family !
When I opened my eyes , the heating gave me a warm hug like summer . I like 6:30 in the north
I really do n't want to communicate with them , I really do n't like their attitude , but I have to endure it
The numb head does n't hurt any more , okay ? Hurry up with the cold , okay ?
Food is a kind of charm with endless aftertaste . Everyone ca n't refuse a kind of delicious food in front of you . Not to mention , what are you still hesitating if you are a foodie ...
I have n't watched a TV series for a long time and I ca n't stop watching it , my pink girl 's heart is resurrected again
Suddenly I found out that the more people understand the more terrifying , what should I do ? I am very scared . After leaving the university , I have no friends by my side . Everyone is busy and has their own families . No one can listen carefully to what I have to say . , and I really do n't know what to do when I encounter these things , the more I go down , the more terrible [ Black Line ]
Dead woman , bitch , bitch , no , not a woman , you 're a bitch
Listening to the song at night , I suddenly think his voice is very good , and then I look at people and feel handsome , and the small eyes are focused
This month 1718 I am on the 21st , all of my friends have birthdays ! I am very happy ! Happy birthday to the 17th birthday guy ...
It 's really annoying to be ignorant ! It 's been a long time since the swear words are about to come out .
Yesterday I told me not to connect to wifi , but now I call and say I will answer
Absolutely stunning ! ! ! [ Ultraman ] If a nuclear war breaks out ! ! ! ! ! If Nima is too scary , I was scared that I did n't sleep well for three days~~~ Do you dare to read it ? [ surprised ] [ video ]
What we fear is not our inadequacy , what we fear most is the great power we have , and we fear the light side of ourselves , not the dark side . Today I call on all of you to overcome this , and we need to accept the fact that we may play an incomparably important role in the lives of others ... Value the impact we have on each other 's lives , recognizing that it goes beyond money , power , titles and Powerful DrewDudle ...
In `` Beijing , Shanghai , Guangzhou and Guangzhou Do n't Believe in Tears '' , my favorite person turned out to be her : Ye Zhaojun . Courageous , guarded with heart .
It 's probably a great thing to have a good friend who can talk all night .
There is an idea of ​​not wanting to do it. . Sometimes I wonder what the hectic work is going on every day . So much pressure . so tired .
He is about to be transferred back to the headquarters of Ping An Dongguan Branch . For four years , I have traveled 100 kilometers to and from Dongguan and Tangxia every day , but it was all worth it ! ! ! Here , I gained friendship , here , gained knowledge , here , gained my career ... All achievements and all help are inseparable from my leaders and my lovely colleagues ! Finally home ! In a new place and a new position , I will work harder with a grateful heart
Talking with Samira from nine o'clock to now , I feel great
One thing you know you should n't do , but you do it . It just shows how important she is to you .
I was in Maoming 10 hours ago , Shunde 2 hours ago , and now Guangzhou . . . I am not afraid of being tired , not afraid of hardships , not afraid of being displaced , I am afraid that my income is meager , I am afraid that I am often overwhelmed and lacking in strength , what will happen next month , let ’ s see
Who is that ? Sister has endured you for a long time , and I 'm going to get angry if it goes on like this ? ? ? ? ? ?
Please answer that I have n't watched the first two parts of the series , I know it 's a stalk of guessing my husband . However , looking at 1988 , it seems that the focus is not on this . There are many lines of family and friendship , and the details are always moving . South Korea 's family drama that looks like a love drama is really perfect .
All capable women have fled the country . This situation is terrible . Although I have a stable job , I am afraid that I will force a marriage in the future .
Marrying a person who always has a mother in his heart , everything is towards his parents , even if what his parents do is wrong , it is towards his parents , sincerely
It ’ s really important to tuck your belly every day , always remind yourself , we ’ ll see you next summer next summer , why is the difference between the data recorded by the treadmill and nike+ so much different by 1km
I want 3,000 yuan for this month 's living expenses , I really do n't want to eat dirt anymore
It 's so fucking bad ! I 'm so angry in class every day ! I want to scold people
I ca n't be frightened by myself [ bye bye ] Well , the home page , if you have time , you can open it and feel the army 's support [ bye bye ] I was so scared that I woke up early in the morning [ tears ]
I 've been living so much to brush # phantomoftheopera # to prepare for next month 's scene ... But I 'm stuck in the confusion of whether the heroine likes rice buckets ... If love does n't mean choosing between the two , then what to talk about Loyalty and unswerving ... Unable to accept that the heroine taught him `` love '' by kissing ... I was trapped in the teacher-student stalk and could n't come out orz
‼ ️‼ ️I really did n't see it , your white face , without makeup , would be so dirty , which made me impressed
I especially like it today , do n't ask me why I like it , I just like it
Rabbit uremia ? ? ? ? I do n't think it 's more poisonous than your rotten mouth
I really want to report you , but it has n't arrived since I started sending it yesterday . The phone is also off . With things in your hands ! You wait…
Everyone in today 's debate is great , and Xiao Mushroom has a lot of knowledge ! ~
Time will tell you where the end is ! There is still a long way to go ! go hard , go
I , the first time , so deeply , want to scold the referee , SB ...
Annoyed ! Who can control who ! I ca n't make a phone call . I get angry as soon as I make a call . Why do I owe me so much ? oh shit
2015-11-16 . I watched 007 today , the heroine is very good looking ! I also ate delicious rice cake hot pot , very satisfied ! Here is a photo of the goddess
I can be bored to death every day , go on a blind date , and be a big-headed ghost ! disgusting
Just deciding on a dissertation topic is driving me crazy
I know all the classmates in the class , but ... teacher ... how come I 've never seen you before ? Are you new here ?
What does the national football team play in the first half of the game make people want to swear
My daughter-in-law Ren Ziqi gave me a Christmas present~ It 's exactly the same as his and it 's a couple~ Haha , I love you
The long-lost sunny day☀️The mood is instantly wonderful and worth upupup
So I involuntarily sat up straight and wanted to see your face , and I was n't disappointed . Your delicate eyebrows , upright nose and cheeks blended perfectly . It 's really a pretty face . I ca n't even believe such a girl I 've never met before and she 's so close to me now . The 45-degree angle is also a good position to sneak a peek at you .
I have n't finished the book today , but I am very happy ! Likes to play volleyball to smash the queen
Spend your time on things that are worthwhile and meaningful . Time is your own and precious . Do n't waste it because of some chores .
The place where there are many women is terrible , the mouth is short , the mouth is cheap !
I eat and travel alone , stop and go , and read and write letters by myself
Even my daughter knows that she has to cover her sneeze with her hands~ How come people in their thirties do n't know that !
Suddenly I feel homesick , and I feel happy when I was at home without worrying about anything and everything .
Nima coin ! I 'm cranky ! This matter , I saw a news before , it was a pregnant woman , and it was the same reason , because she wanted her man to be satisfied and harm other little girls ! Finally killed the girl !
Happy birthday to my brother ! Happy family ! Good night
A little surprise every day . You said : just to make me smile .
The super brigade is amazing . It is definitely one of my favorite TV shows . The four hosts each have their own characteristics . None of them can be missing . So continue to be together and bring us even better shows . Love love love
I 'm afraid your best friend is not me anymore , but my best friend is you . You said no one will hurt me like you do , it 's really sad to get home
numb Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa I feel so bad for my mother , why the fuck do I want to be a real mother , I have n't even been 23 days to worry about this dead child
I do n't know if it was because I did n't see you last night or because I was thinking about going out for a few days. . . . This kind of situation is often a bad omen when it occurs on TV. . . . apprehensive==
The expression of a person 's maturity lies in the way to deal with the fait accompli ... Even if you ca n't let go , you should accept it with a smile , and then continue to live quietly
But it 's really scary to bark
The three things I hate the most : ask me why your mouth is so red today when you put on lipstick ; ask me why your eyes are so dark today when you put on eyeliner ; ask me why your eyebrows are so thick today when you draw eyebrows . You are blind , stupid , you ca n't see without eyes !
Maybe this is the case ... I have to get up early tomorrow to experiment , but the sad point is not here ...
I follow you to change your avatar in vain . Recently , I changed my avatar back , and I struggled with this from time to time , asking `` Why do I change it to my own , then what should I use ... '' `` You also change your own , It 's not the avatar of a couple . '' `` I do n't need my own ! '' As a result , he is indeed a pervert !
The overall shape is like a huge energy processing network system , implying that the oil contained in the ground is the main source of power for a beautiful city .
I 'm such an idiot , I 'm a stinker every day , go to hell , a country boy with a hypocritical dick !
Li Xiaoxiao was 11 months away by a few days . Today , for the first time , Baba and I took her out for dinner with friends . Without her crying and making a lot of noise , Baba and I were not able to eat well . The restaurant looks at the food in front of you , but you ca n't eat it
Put the pen on the paper and outline your former appearance . Ink rendering , who do you miss in your heart ?
After all , the pain will pass , and the human brain may be more inclined to remember those sweet interceptions
Sooner or later , this pair of claws will be scalded to death by the exhaust bridle in the pantry . I have tried to tilt the water cup at every angle .
The manuscript will be published tomorrow , and I have a long-awaited feeling that I am ready to try . Although I have not prepared enough and my professional quality is not enough , in contrast , I am happier to go to the wheat with my good partner . COMEON ! ! !
It should be after picking up my brother to McDonald 's . That 's why I 'm so happy
It ’ s fine to die anywhere , as long as you don ’ t have any fear or fear of death before you die , you can be peaceful , and you can happily accept the death and sit down . He died in battle before the age of 60 , and died silently after falling asleep in the battlefield . Lying on the bed and sleeping peacefully , I finally hope that I can be buried at sea to overcome my fear of heights
The cold winter is coming , it 's a little cold , everyone should pay attention to keep warm ! However , it is indeed sunny today , praise , go and bathe in this rare sunshine !
Hey~ After seeing the photos that people sent me , I feel that I am too fat , it is time to lose weight
First it was impossible to share , and now the recording is interrupted . I 'll unload you next time
Da Biao ate the small bowl of noodles I had left over . For someone who has to wipe the tableware and chopsticks before eating , I was shocked at that moment .
I was really afraid of husband and wife fighting . When I saw it and heard it , I felt extremely uncomfortable . The scolding was ugly and the beating was fierce , as if they were going to kill the opponent ! But it ca n't solve any problems , not only hurts , but also hurts feelings ! If there is a conflict , sit down and have a good exchange , ca n't you ? Why must it be resolved in such an extremely violent way ? Be a reasonable person with knowledge , culture and literacy . ( The fight upstairs , I was frightened [ sad ] ) Hug myself ... full text
His mother got a leg and caught a cold again , mad at me
Stupid roommate could n't wake up after calling all night . I woke up late in the morning and locked me in the dormitory in the morning . This class even called my name ... I must kill him when I go out .
I 'm not happy ... My colleagues are all uncles ... The task assigned by the leader asked him to help me find some information about their department , but I still searched for it myself , and I just asked him to help me put it back when I ran out . I messed up and wanted to throw the information in my face ... blame me ? Just inexplicable ... Wronged
Today 's grades , children who are willing to work hard , their luck is generally not too bad💖
When you meet a warm person to accompany you , it must be warm~~ Warm person please raise your hand
Good night , go to sleep , I 'm in a great mood
Suddenly unhappy , what does it mean to set permissions .
I got a stomach ache because I drowsiness and drink coffee , but no one is there anymore .
I really like Zhang Wei 's daring and daring personality . If he is a singer this year , I will definitely chase after him . Mountaintop is still in my ear .
Killing people alive is the highest state of killing people without blood . You have a kind of
Some people travel thousands of miles , but still have no taste or knowledge . also throw rubbish
Love you , take care of you , respect you , accept you in sickness or health or whatever
My heart hurts so much , I just want to be nice to you , you know ? I really do n't want to lose you again . Every time you make a noise , my heart really hurts and hurts . . . .
There is no friend in the face of interests , everything is bullshit
This one finally won ! It 's cool to consume the opposite ! Beginning to face jax is simply invincible ! Come two kill two . But I 'm also pretty invincible .
I 'm furious ! I do n't want to have any entertainment with Wang Yuedong again !
Should have chopped off your hand with a knife that afternoon .
I get angry when I see high numbers , who the hell invented the same shit
All of a sudden I caught a severe cold😷 I was lying in bed in a daze~~ When I woke up , I thought it was 2 o'clock in the middle of the night and forgot to turn off the light~ It was only 10 o'clock that I really scared myself~
It 's been a while since I went home , and I found some things from my student days . It 's full of memories . I 'm very happy ! I thought those things were gone , but it turned out to be so good !
In short , you were faced with a clear choice , a sword or a friend ? When choosing a sword , one must face the great panic caused by `` loneliness '' and `` unknown '' . I am very scared . Choose the latter , in fact I ca n't give up the former . Later , when I encountered Japanese dramas , everything unraveled naturally . There are still many people on Nima , many layers ! Later , even the gods like Lao Xu met ...
A simple birthday is over , even a simple blessing is the warmest family , and thank you for your hard work
black monday biubiubiuboom
I do n't know if it works , I do n't know if it 's right , I do n't know if it can , but at least it 's not too tragic .
My heart is so depressed , but I want to cry , but I have a smile on my face , what kind of disease is this ?
For more than 20 years , what I am most sorry for is my heart , which has made my heart so thin in a few days
Warm , my mother 's cooking is always my favorite
I attended a special parent-teacher meeting yesterday . The children always bring us some surprises . Although I did not do well in the exam this time , I still have the feeling that my family is just growing up . I know he must have something in his heart . Depressed but still very calm and confident , I think what I need to do at this time is to trust , calm down , encourage ... grow together
Why are there so many mosquitoes , mosquitoes , mosquitoes , go to hell
I just clicked into an episode and started watching it , and then I was shocked ... The straight man 's cancer has reached this level and I am also drunk ... Idol drama from childhood ah @ a cup of freshly squeezed watermelon juice @ isa_万夏 @ a cup of blood glutinous rice milk tea
Xia Chan is played by Fu Jiali , right ? I ca n't stand it . The acting is so bad
Damn , I was hungry after two hours in a meeting , and I was angry .
There are true lovers in the world , there are still many good people in the world
The6thDay dawdled and watched some in the morning , stayed in the office for an hour after get off work and decided to struggle . These days , I got home an hour after get off work every day and I did n't read much at night and made a paper in a daze ! When the plan is noisy , I do paperwork and quizzes , and when it is quiet , I read and review the book , but the plan ca n't keep up with the changes . Why am I always in a wrong state ! It does n't work if you do n't take it seriously ! There is always a rush that ca n't pass the test
I 'm easy . I~ Dark circles , pimples , eyebrows , wrinkles~ have all exploded in the past two days , and there are constant worries , worries , worries , in addition to worry or worry , I take a bath and my heart is so stuffy~
I have time to be angry today , how angry should I be ?
Every day with you starts with a sweet bite . Good morning , I was hit by two leaves on the way here . Lucky is like a sudden arrival . You were actually a little unhappy yesterday . You said that you are willing to let me go .
What is the situation when a happy friend is proposed to marriage😒
There are still 73 days , time flies so fast , I am very touched every day after having you , every beat of yours touches my heart , thank you , my baby ! come on !
I regretted cutting my hair at first , but suddenly I fell in love with it
A good love is broken in my hands . I know that I ca n't become a warm man and a real boyfriend , and some are just indebted . A love , in addition to love , also needs management and mutual contribution .
I dreamed that I ate a bowl of double meatballs and got beef meatball noodles , and I felt very satisfied
Some people just like to be cheap , but I ca n't stop her . Mo Yitian opens his mouth and talks nonsense . Like a hmp , you want to see other people 's privacy . You go to be a paparazzi for a long time . thought I was a lady
The boss said , eat something ! `` Let 's pack a hot and sour shredded pork . '' When I came back , most of them were peppers . All right ! Boss , you are ruthless !
During the confinement period , I secretly swiped Weibo for a while ... People say that the meal is tasteless and tasteless , so I want to put more salt , but I beg for less salt .
Cate Blanchett , the `` elf queen '' , is very angry recently . In an interview with The Guardian , she lashed out at the media that took her out of context : portraying her as a womanizer and a personal indiscreet . Speaking of which , these media are really enough . How can Her Lady Queen be the black one here ?
Steam hot pot , the first time I tried it , it was delicious , very tasty , and quite innovative , and the whole family was full ! There is not much free time left . After the only double 35 during pregnancy , there is only one month left before unloading . I have spent a lot of memorable days recently , someone ’ s birthday , wedding anniversary , and a countdown of 30 . God , time flies so fast , it 's been a year before I know it , and before I know it , I 'm going to be a mother ...
Stupid always likes to draw a word of cherish in the blank space of his newly bought clothes , and he does n't know why . Until one day , stupid friend asked stupid , stupid can tell the reason . It turned out that the stupid girlfriend went to study in the city . Before leaving , the stupid girlfriend said : I hope I can see it in the crowd next time
Ruthlessly downloaded two videos with traffic , and Zakuku actually gave me a flashback ! ! ! In my heart , countless grass and mud horses dashed past ! ! ! ! Stop pretending ! ! ! ! ! My poor traffic
4 points , 5 rebounds , 3 assists , 2 steals , 3 fouls and 3 turnovers . Li Haoran is an old man who does n't pass the ball . I ca n't touch the ball except for rebounds and fast breaks .
Thinking of a box of clothes lying there at customs makes me mad
Now I really want to go to the imperial capital , to see the ginkgo trees there , to feel the autumn there , and to meet you dear ones who are about to travel far to chase their dreams ...
In view of the fact that stinky brother has caused 110,000 points of damage to me over and over again recently , and often runs to peep at my privacy in the middle of the night , I decided that I will be angry with him recently and not forgive him .
He also deliberately returned to China to participate in Beijing Satellite TV 's glamour talent show for his netizens , and boldly showed his love to the national audience , but in the end he failed and failed to meet his netizens .
This baby is going to put poison in the middle of the night again~ Guess who this is ? Haha , this is the first very formal painted lead portrait of a human figure in color , Hua Qiangu Xiaogu Zhao Liying . It took 7 hours , and the clothes really could n't go on , so I just put them on , and I 'll paint them someday . The hair is covered with many layers of color , but it seems that it is impossible to see the appearance when taking a picture . The color of the skin was not photographed , so a snow-white bone appeared . I hope that the color pencil skills will continue to improve .
There is a blister on the tongue , which will get in the way of speaking . It has not improved for more than a week . I really want to cut it off .
Draw a picture with Matlab and I was so stupid that I burst into tears . In the final analysis , the world belongs to the coders .
There is no seasoning package for dry noodles today ! ! !
I 'm really annoying the customer who wants it tomorrow . I said that the error rate will be much lower if it takes more time to do it , and I have repeatedly confirmed that there is no problem . I still scold you when something happened
Oops Mom ! Picture 7 is what I want wow , you little cutie !
I 'm the one who makes myself stupid and does n't let others call me stupid ! kill me
At this time , I was very hungry . I wanted to eat all kinds of delicious food . It was too hot at home . My face became dry and I started to worry about my face .
Smoking , playing games , wanting a maddening rhythm
In one hour , I sent the baby who was about to take the test in the traffic jam section !
Two years ago today , I went to Wuhan to meet you for the first time . Thank you for visiting me last night , thank you for saying you loved me last night . Give it a hug .
The mood is as shown in the picture every day , hahahaha , good morning everyone .
This time , the female judge who came to work in the fake version of the campus , I went and dragged it like 258,000 . I really ca n't complain , can you be ruthless ? ? As for what ? ?
Sharing the happiness of life with those who love each other is a gift : as long as you firmly believe that there is love in ordinary life ; then this love can make your life splendid !
Surprised that Xuerle and De Gea are only 24 ... Then I looked in the mirror and looked at the ID card and felt that it was nothing
Sending someone away , regardless of longevity or not , is a heavy heart . I ca n't help but think of the people around me , and what way I will say goodbye one day ? who will cry for me ?
The grass that I planted has grown thick , and I feel beautiful ...
Detective Conan may not have such a beautiful face , but she has a beautiful heart . This is true beauty . Maoriland
In fact , it is usually more troublesome for them to find them like this😭😭
This is a sad topic . There is a sudden death from overtime at work . The first time I saw a sudden death from homework has never put pressure on my son . And my thought was : `` If you 're not in good health , what if you can get into Tsinghua University and Peking University ? ! ''
Good morning , I feel like I have the energy to do something today
Before I slept , I came out and posted photos to commemorate the days before more fattening in the winter .
1,000 to buy a few pieces of clothes . In winter , I have no clothes to wear .
`` It does n't matter if you are not as tall as me ? You are not as tall as me in the test ? ? Even the oral epithelial cells are not as good as mine ? ? '' At the same table , do you think I can be more ruthless ?
I ca n't stand talking to myself while doing things .
Only by working hard can we go to a better environment and meet better people , and hard work is never just a momentary passion , but a corresponding good result must be delivered at each specific point in time .
When I was running at the Sai Wan Wharf last night , I watched xxx cover my mouth and laugh at me , and the happiness index rose exponentially . In my heart , I summed up the `` whoever married them will be happy '' list . Before coming to Hong Kong , there were two , and here are three . A woman~ It 's really a beauty . You do n't necessarily know how beautiful you look and how to wear clothes , but just one look can make your heart full of motivation .
Birthday today , make a wish - fuck Morey , hurry up and give me a fucking replacement for McHale !
Every day I eat dynamite at work , I get angry and angry
what ! I have to get up and practice dancing when I have no class ! So annoying ! ! I 'm going to blow up ! !
To be young is to strive to make the impossible possible .
Ca n't someone who hates false modesty from day to day tell a story ? !
In the future , we will definitely thank the self who is now working hard to be independent , strong and flourishing 🌿🌷 .
We always remind @ zhengkai @ dengchao to like it ! Can you both disapprove !
Too shrewd people sometimes fail to do things because they stop taking their fantasies seriously . That tiger never existed , that 's what I imagined because what 's scarier than a tiger is the despair at sea . This crouching tiger is our desire and our fear , it gives us danger , it makes us uneasy , but it is precisely because of its existence that it keeps us mentally alert and inspires all your life force with it . coexist. ``
Whenever you do something meaningful and important , you will feel that your weight on the earth will become heavier , and you will have a safe and secure feeling
Whoever said Chi Changxu 's big mouth slaps you with my big mouth , which eye did you see that I 'm a mother-in-law , you can come out , do n't hide in the dark , do you know what the Pacific shoulders are ? You do n't have him , just because of this , you have no right to say him
I do n't even dare to answer the courier phone without the call charge . Now , I called me 4 times in Guotong and did n't answer it , and I yelled at me and said that I know it is very hard to send parcels , especially heavy ones . Mood yes ! !
The meal costs 12 yuan in the cafeteria of the unit . I have to eat another meal every time I go home after eating . Can I not gain weight ?
Everyday mood fluctuates with the accuracy of hearing
As a man who does n't understand the concept that a woman holds on certain things , the level of concern will always only be `` It 's not a matter of one person in the end worrying about it '' fuck How can I have the urge to slash people ?
Terrorists are not terrible , but the system of terror is terrible . Forward Weibo
If I put a lot of laundry detergent in the next time I do laundry , I will be a dog , and I will still have a lot of foam no matter how I wash it . FUCK !
fresh blood ! New beginning ! I 'm going to hold on ! Good night !
On the third day of the new year , new elements and new characters were finally added to it , and the script was perfected . It was also the first semi-finished product of the second episode .
Angels are probably like this~ I love candice so much
cnm , there is a bar in my head , you have nothing to do with other people 's videos , do n't let the video be eaten by dogs when I change clothes
Powerless to complain ... feeling bad ... helpless
Got a new mount ! Take me to the shuttle bus
It started like this , very quickly , and very long ... In three days , the process that would have taken a long time to complete is like going through the craziest roller coaster , very quickly . One episode after another , the hours of waiting felt like centuries of excitement , hesitation , longing , long . Take your hand , help each other , and walk a perfect and beautiful life !
I 'm sick and coughing , and some people think I 'm irritable ... Do you think I want to cough ? I do n't want to be sick and cough ... I do n't want you to take care of me .
Welldoneisbetterthanwellsaid . Well said is worse than well done , ( Franklin )
The perfect interpretation of Madridism ! Onward , Madrid .
I need to talk to her . If I do n't raise my salary , I will leave !
Always hold such a little bit of luck , and finally be defeated
After remembering the Huainan beef soup , another takeaway appeared - hand in hand bento . After waiting for more than two hours , I called twice and said that it had been delivered . It should be delivered in more than an hour if you leave . Could it be that you are standing still ? Bad reviews in bad reviews ! Will never order again .
Blame me ? Then do n't talk about where EQ is ! You asked me what 's wrong , do n't talk
I really like the cool , moist wind that blows through my hair from the window after the rain
What you love , what you think about , and what you care about will eventually lose to what is good to you
Come to a bowl of rock sugar Sydney soup in the morning , full of satisfaction
I 'm really afraid of cats
When I see your comments , I want to sleep with you , I 'm really going to be angry 8
I 'm too far away from you , it 's easy to be distant , and too close to you , it 's easy to be in love .
Can you have a good Cold War and steal my Melaleuca ?
There 's a lot to say , a lot of emotions to clear , the fact that it 's getting more and more silent now
He said that he would pay back the money , and then told me about the sun . Then countless days , I have no temper . The point is that there will be Ganga people . When I borrowed it , I said that I would pay it back in three days . After three or four months , I still haven ’ t paid it back . The old man said that tomorrow , your sister will be tomorrow .
The company also needs to talk about top-level design , operation management , etc . Otherwise , after ten years , the scale has not expanded , and it will always encounter the same problems and fall into trouble , and it has been spinning in the whirlpool of human resources . How can we develop ? Without the management and self-management of the company 's leadership , employees will be disorderly and become machines , struggling to fight fires every day . How can we talk about personal growth ?
TMD , one day is enough . And all kinds of things to come
Walking on a road that has no turning back , it is full of pain along the way . The pride of the past is no longer proud , and the loss of the past is always the pain in the memory . I ca n't imagine the years when the flowers bloom and fall , and I ca n't imagine how the warm romance under the flowers before the moon is gone . I ca n't imagine the haggard face with gray hair on the temples . You know my heart , the pain is like being buried alive .
I decided to try the style of oil painting ... um oh no film for me to try 😂 oh no , I still have five or six sets of films in my hand and I just started to repair the first set . I think my progress is very slow because the last five days have been special . Busy x Start repairing today ! Liver up !
`` Real filming of the terrible Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy , netizens shouted : scared the baby to death '' | Miaopai Video
Hmph~ I hate those peasants~ Those little townspeople 's psychology~ Hate~
It 's an eventful autumn , why is there really a lot of events in autumn ? No , it 's winter now
Fear is a terrible thing
Fuck , fuck , fuck ! What 's wrong with you in September , why is your face so big ? You are now the No . 1 in our family . With such a big face , do you still have the nerve to eat it ? It 's a big-faced cat
When I woke up in the morning to see the Paris attacks , I was shocked ...
Can you imagine sitting on the bus with tears rolling in your eyes and not being able to cry is distressing and embarrassing
Yes ! I always wanted to be his daughter and let him touch my head ! ! super satisfied
I hope that your kind people can understand that you are a child worthy of in-depth understanding and love .
The first time I walked the Wanjiali Viaduct and Huike was blocked like that . What the hell is Zhu Dadi blocking the road , people are irritable , there are people who walk on the South Second Ring Road and say something , if the South Second Ring Road is unblocked , I think find a mental balance
The worst feeling is not knowing whether to wait or give up .
Overtime ... overtime ... overtime , important things have to be said three times , I 'm dying of hunger
The world is so big , but I always meet good people , warm
It is a pity that they are two people who are in love , but they are not together !
You are so unforgettable , ups and downs in my heart
7 years ago today at 1.26 in the morning , you were born . 7 years later , you became a fat , cute , sensible and naughty little boy . I am very happy to grow up with you . Maybe company is what you want most , right ? You can grow up healthy , learn to be grateful , and be happy every day . mom loves you
Write so detailed , there is no consideration of a reader 's heart
Now every time I come back from Xiyuan , I still have the urge to cry . It 's been half a year and I see no familiar people in familiar places ! ! !
It 's not fucking raining , okay ? It 's snowing
Jumping back to Dongyuan Road and meeting Wuli Taotao , he said , `` Have you changed your hairstyle ? '' I 'm thinking about how heartbroken it was for him to say this , but it 's so heartbreaking ! Thinking of my steps seems to be heavy
Ya Ya Ya , the President of Wuli Pineapple Treasure , the lovely and handsome Moxida 's Kim Yoo Kyung 's birthday is finally 18 . Wuli Oppa ! From now on , I will continue to dance and sing really well . Senye thick Kahamida
After finishing things and having a late night snack together in the heavy rain , this life is so delicate
If it is good , it is called wonderful ; if it is bad , it is called experience~
Now that we have met : How to endure separation , may we be together forever ! Morning and evening , the heart is together , tenderness is like water ; the good season is like a dream ...
It 's really a low period in life recently , who can be by your side to accompany you through it ?
My dad is definitely more vicious than the coach and will be scolded to death for driving a car
Every day with you is a beautiful good night , little fairy
I posted a circle of friends about snowing in my hometown , which triggered the topic of my friends in my hometown below . The thing that made me happiest was that Lianyungang is full of basketball talents .
All hobby classes for the purpose of competition are misunderstood children !
I have n't been on Weibo for a while , I even forgot how to post photos
I have never been so disappointed in anyone ! ! So chilling ! !
Sometimes , when I am vulnerable , I want to hide alone , and I do n't want others to see my wounds . Sometimes , longing for the care of others , longing for a simple happiness . Sometimes , when I hear an old song , I suddenly think of a person . Sometimes , in the dead of night , I suddenly feel lonely deep into my bones . Sometimes , I really want to find someone to accompany me and live a normal life together .
My patience has been given to the courier brother , and I have slipped into a fool .
hehe~ today I 'm lovable with my aunt~ I ca n't leave it all the time
As soon as the class was over , I started urging papers , and I had to write my experience , and I did n't let people get a good practice .
be your bride , happy happy 26 , 6666
The real man in our school is going to take the Mandarin test tomorrow . I will inform you today . Fortunately , I did n't make an appointment with Miss Ma . It 's really a day .
Happy birthday 🎂🎂 ! Omit a thousand words , happiness is enough
It 's fucked up 6 times . You can still get a lenient sentence and ask the law to use it . The child has been hurt for life . Even if you shoot a hundred times , these two bitches are not enough . They still have a lenient sentence .
Yesterday afternoon , my grandmother saw me lying in bed , and she said `` one day , go out to eat ... '' ; when my aunt came home at night to see me lying in bed , she said , `` I went out to eat those spicy foods all day ... '' ” , called me this morning , “ I can be eaten blindly outside. ” I was defeated by you so deeply that I dreamed that someone told me : Don ’ t go out to eat blindly , only my baby didn ’ t say it . I
People 's books are well placed there , the water glasses are on , and the caps of the pens are not closed , which means that they are just going out for a meal . Can you not just push other people 's books aside ? unacceptable
It 's the same every time . Ca n't say anything . Just give and wait . Insomnia . Eyes hurt . But ca n't sleep .
If you can see my Weibo , please like it , thank you guys
I do n't want to use Shentong again in my lifetime . It takes nearly a month to send a little information to reply . It took more than a week to send it out , knowing that other people are in a hurry to send it to Tibet and still use trucks , which is really enough . Make my black brother come back because of this delay
I don ’ t know each other . I ’ ve been sending private messages to me , ignoring you , and you ’ re getting more and more excited , and I ’ ve been talking all the time . I want to say whether you ’ re annoying or not . Treat me as a fool . I ’ ve never seen such a liar . SWAT police for a while , traffic police for a while , police for a while , whatever police you are , get out of my sight
So real ! Is n't it too much to use a watermelon to make a big belly scary ! ! ! Scared to pee ! ! !
Tired , feel hopeless , do n't have the future I want
Tonight , I started talking nonsense ... Ca n't you control this hateful mouth ?
Dreaming of being driven by wild boars , although it is very hard in the dream , it is a lucky dream in auspicious dreams , which means that you will give birth to a son who will become a leader in the future .
Dong Er found out that the Tai Chi pot he got in exchange was fake , and realized that the real pot was still in the hands of the fourth master , so he was so angry that he fell to the ground .
Chin acne broke out , `` one after another '' !
The inspection team here has n't left yet . The SASAC audit has come again . Is it annoying ? Can you stop it for a while ?
It saves money to decorate such a bedroom , haha !
It ’ s been the fourth day since the water was cut off , I ’ m going to class tomorrow with a head of oil , eat some garlic and get mad at those bastards , I also want to be a bad guy and a bad guy
I owe it ! Go back to what the hell ! What a fucking computer ! What a fucking folder ! It made my wife feel disgusted ... !
How can I feel that my body is getting worse and worse , alas , broken sleep !
Find a direction to move forward 👊🏽 There is always a dream that will come true
Always smile at me 🐷 , I feel great
My dear , the countdown is 22 days . Full term tomorrow . So cute and awesome . Keep going . Mom and Dad love you so much . 36W+6D
I wiped my notes from a lot of people and forgot who they were
I ca n't feel the warmth of the family anymore😔😔😔 , I want to go home ,
It must be that the sun is not warm enough today , I just feel unhappy in my heart , I feel like the whole world has abandoned me
The source here is such a good girl hahahahahaha !
No one would ever tell me that when I grew up , I found a bad job , had a bad relationship , and lived a bad life .
Hahaha , this part is good , I ca n't guess the ending at all
The saddest thing in the world is to have too much time and be bored and panic ; the closest distance in the world is to have a heart that you want to see and a kick of the accelerator ; the deepest feeling in the world is to get along like family members and cherish each other . As long as the heart is close , the feelings will be deep , thank you all who cherish me
GD wallpaper , my wife is so handsome , take the original and send me a private message
Sitting in the chair for a day today , my butt hurts , saying , Liu Lili is so cruel , motherfucker , so much homework ! If you want to pass it , it 's fortunate . I will write a summary tomorrow and finish the Saturday double election meeting . How can I break it if I ca n't find a job ?
Maybe it 's because you did n't owe me a lot in your past life , so you only pay me back a little in this life ! i laughed
It is my greatest honor to meet you and be with you
Say happy birthday to yourself , try to be a better person , let nature take its course , no anxiety , no regrets , and move on
Why do I not only think of you when I see the head teacher of the third class , but even one of the men in Han Zong 's `` We Got Married '' I just watched , I can think of you when I look at it😌😌
Being rewarded for being a businessman in Taiwan , Ren is responsible for the large and small affairs of the editing and purchasing department , and Ren is complacent .
Everyone is in the Detox Pure Love Detox Festival . You can experience a facial cleanser and a bamboo charcoal detox for only 99 . It 's really good and you can save a lot of money haha
My husband gave me a scarf . After so many years , it 's still good .
Netease , I 'm fucking you ! ! ! It was originally scheduled to stop updating Weibo from today , but I found that my mailbox ...
A beautiful day , starting in the morning with a good mood .
When do you say a word , reply a text message , you delete it ?
Slowly you will understand : In fact , happiness does not need sweet words , vows , and gorgeous appearance . It turns out that the happiest thing is the company in plainness , and good night together every day👪
I really hate working with procrastinators
I have several voices with customers saying that my voice is ... nice
Asked bitch if he was single , he said yes , inexplicably good to smoke zenmehuishi
The picture shows the motivation to get up every day ! It 's so happy to have Ma Ma 's company
I asked my aunt several times whether it was a hard persimmon or a soft persimmon that was not ripe , and she answered me several times that it was a hard persimmon ! ! Deceiving my feelings like this , I really want to put these two persimmons in your mouth and let you taste this is the hard persimmon that the bed said ? ? are you kidding me
Miss🏠 , miss👪 , Kiki and baby🐶 , is everything still there ?
I ca n't tell you about you , you urinating everywhere ... stare 😒😒😒
The update version starts at 5 o'clock today , my skin , my frame , here I come
Man , I just do n't know how to cherish . Life does n't need to prove anything to others , but now I really feel very down , huh , huh
I 've been so pissed off lately that I do n't even want to see them ! ! ! ! angry ! angry ! angry ! ! !
I can finally go to bed early today . . . Good night , sweet dreams
I was blown up by a stupid businessman today , TMD just ate shit
This mask is called scaring the baby to death [ Men 's Avatar 1 ] Kouchen black face baby A mask that will clean up garbage Can you see the foam on my face ! ! ! It turns out that my face has a lot of garbage [ horrified ] Beijing·Chenghuayuan
I do n't know how to drink and drink a cup . Fortunately , it does n't hurt after taking the medicine , but my face
The sense of intimacy between people is really something that has always made me tremble . Nanjing·Jiangning District
Thank you Mommy for the N year today , hard work and love you ! Make me fat and cute in vain
Pineapple 🍍 baby , happy 18th day of breaking the shell 🐣 ! Congrats to adulthood~【I can do many things that I couldn ’ t do before】
When it snows❄ , be sure to go out for a walk with your lover , and walk all the way to the white head . # good night #
She shouted that she was going to be weaned , but she could n't bear to see Yuan 's little eyes , and she cried with distress .
Unreliable people are always unreliable ! People who do n't like it always get bored ! Sufficient busyness hides the daily worries ! Day by day ! When can I get rid of the troubles !
This place is simply one of the most beautiful lakes in the world . I must visit it in the future .
Do n't lose weight , fat ! Lose weight , skin protests and acne ! Hey , life is hard .
I still think you are the best . Now I know how to cherish and cherish you even more .
I did n't buy a high-speed rail , I took a green leather car . I woke up too early and wanted to sleep for a while , but the passengers in the carriage used portable stereos to play the loudest vulgar music that could no longer be vulgar .
I did n't go back to the dormitory for a day , and I fought with people at night . In the cold night of several degrees below zero , I dragged a big down jacket to an auditorium where birds do n't shit . It turned out to be to show me the love party movie Jiao Yulu ! ? ! Hold Ri , are you really kidding me ?
With it , loading BEX queries in QlikView will be very simple .
( Specialty ) In this 100-square-meter office , it is incredible that we have made an office area , reading area , business negotiation area , conference area , toilet , tea water that can accommodate 6 people ( excluding engineers who are not on duty ) . Room , fitness area , duty room . At that moment , I understood better : the horse is called design .
The French Embassy in China has banned comments on Weibo ! What about freedom of speech ? Hypocritical foreigner-style democracy !
I 'm also drunk , I 've never seen such a person , how are you ?
# Winter Warm Sun Zhao Liying # You do n't know how much I want to make the whole world into you .
Getting up in the morning and taking a hot shower is so cool
Those who post all kinds of comics and then do n't post the ending to let friends add private messages , I am also a dog , I do n't like you private messages , you labor and capital are searching by yourself ! accustomed to you
Happy because there is hope . I can have a good night 's sleep today , but I ca n't bear to sleep . I love it~ I love you~ Good night baby
Double eleven purse bleeding . . . I still want to continue fighting on Double Twelve , but I found that there are few bullets left .
Extremely irritable , I really want to lose my temper and throw things ! ! !
I 'm tired physically and mentally , I 'm always like that when others see me
I am sentimental and quick-tempered . I am tired of living myself , and sometimes I just think that I do n't want to drag others down . I really want to find someone who will comfort me , this person should be rare , so I just want to live alone
Hehehe `` It takes a moment to reach out , but it takes many years to hold hands . No matter who you meet , he is the person who should appear in your life , it is no accident . '' If we do n't owe each other , how can we meet. ``
We are the most pitiful in the central region . We can neither enjoy the heating in the north nor the temperature in the south .
A few days ago , I watched the Korean drama Signal , and I was also investigating the case . At that time , I thought the unsolved cases in it were very scary . After watching this , I realized that it is even more unbelievable and scarier . In fact , it is in life . I just want to say that it is too scary [ panic ] ] [ Frightened ] [ Frightened ]
The world is so beautiful , I should n't be so cranky . But I could n't help it . Hastily ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Really only such a brainless company can endure such a brainless user ! ! ! ! Depend on
# Full of my love for you # I think this kind of love and family is the happiest
We sometimes mistakenly think that what we ca n't get is precious , and what we already have is cheap . What we can not get , because of the lack of in-depth understanding , it is just a beautiful illusion , showing us a beautiful appearance . If one day , you are close to it and know its truth , you will find that it is so similar to what we have . Do n't stop at imagination , all you have is your happiness .
Scared the baby to death [ cold ] Now the driver is getting more and more powerful [ dumbfounded ] full of routines [ dumbfounded ] I finally took a free car with my face [ sad ] terrible [ tears ] [ tears ]
In a state of fear for the ex , Luzhou·Luxian
Meeting you at the age of 21 is my greatest blessing
Publicityattractsfriends , prosperityattachesfriends , butadversityistheacidtestoftruefriends . Fame finds friends , success has friends ... and adversity is the touchstone of true friendship ...
I was so sleepy ... but a question popped into my head ... the sun was burning with me when I went to see it ... I ca n't remember what I thought ... so strange ... I memory is really deviated
how to say ? I just know that life is often a tough state , so I always have a grateful heart ... But I often fall into an emotional vortex ... At the same time , I am a person who thinks a lot , thinking anxiously about the special meaning of each sentence . Then I hurt myself , but at least there is no malice ... So ... I no longer speculate on the malice of others ... idon'tcare ... |Shanghai·Zhoujia ...
Although Yuanbao sells with a cute face , I am even cuter after doing a big thing today
In the morning , I have to cut the bangs , cut cut cut cut cut cut
You can never fathom a woman 's heart , alas , a woman 's heart is needles
Chatting all day long ! I really want to stuff you down the toilet !
It 's finally sunny today , my friends , hurry up and get some sunshine
This morning , I found that the dashboard of the electric car was bright . I quickly looked at the motor lock and found that it was also stuck ... Damn , someone is trying to steal my electric car ! The keyhole of the car was a little deformed , so I had to change it at noon . I 've been buying it for half a year , why are there always people thinking about sabotage ? Last time I stole the battery of my electric car , and this time I even paid attention to the whole car ...
I 've been feeling hungry for the past two days , anytime , anywhere ! For example , the daily breakfast , lunch and dinner that feel empty in the stomach are not right ! I want to eat fritters especially
Bought a lot of vegetables ! I do n't want to cook at all ! !
Affection is a thing that is easy to meet at first sight , but it is the company that comes to Japan for a long time🌙
Every time I go to the supermarket and fill up the refrigerator , I have a strong sense of security .
Annoying the kind of people who talk and do things , go back and forth to pull the drawer , your time is time , your business is business , others care whether they die or not !
# MyMoodDiary # I will not consider having a second child , one is enough to kill me ! Today , I fell down the stairs again , and my eyelid smashed through a one-centimeter hole , bleeding straight out , and there were bruises on my face and neck . It really scared me to death ! Last night I kept tossing and turning , I hardly slept much , and I was frightened every day not to mention dying , I wish I could die ! Alas , baby , hurry up , do n't let Mommy be so frightened !
Someone told me n times today that what the leader says is what he says ! Then the problem comes , knowing that the leader is wrong and I am right , I have to be responsible for things ! Please tell me why ! Because I 'm not a leader
new day , hope everything gets better , good morning
The snow coming from Suzhou is very happy . Suzhou is really a good place
Last night , I really wanted to hit people on impulse , and I was actually dreaming and watching TV drama plots and what to do !
The Xuyong mutton skewers next to the wine city park are really delicious
I hate you hate you how cruel you can be but why ca n't I do it
Another long-awaited series . The conclusion is that in my line of work , in terms of self-cultivation , first of all , we must learn not to be in a hurry , not to be impatient , and to be calm , otherwise the client will be mad at me first , which is really worth the loss ! Very angry very angry very angry ! ! I wish you these people will be deceived in the future , the contract will be breached , the business will be closed , and no one will help you in case of trouble ! ! This is the virtue of being a human being , let alone doing business ? Rubbish ! !
Forget it , forget it , forget it , forget it ! The review was good , but I did n't watch it for half a month and forgot it ! ! Ahhh ! want to cry
Happy birthday to the MAKO Archangel 🎂🎂🎂🎂 ' I like your smile , your gentleness and stability ... Thank you for making me fall in love with you .
Hey , go where you want to be , be who you want to be
Take a look at Niuniu and Dragon Boat Festival before going to bed ... um , then take a look at Xiao Sa at the head of the bed ... I feel so happy
Fragrant , sweet , blingbling~~
Being insulted and despised , I swear to rely on these five skills to see how his father can easily pass 400 . Of course , my goal is not only that , but also better , swearing is purely venting ! I want to impress you ! ! !
I am a person who lives in my own world . I don ’ t like disputes , and I don ’ t need to understand . I ’ m happy with anything , I ’ m doing what I like , and life is good
You can go to bed only when you get married , and your breasts will get bigger when you grow up .
It was almost half a month after the broadcast of the pretender , and I just wanted to take a look at it after dinner. . It 's so beautiful , Shanying will make more spy movies , I love watching this theme . Capitalized suai !
Even if the power goes out , many people dare not use this candle . Does this bottle of candle liquid filled with terrifying brains look like a test item in Frankenstein 's laboratory ? Interested friends buy one and put it back and display it . It 's quite scary to watch at night !
I hate Youku ! ! ! I 'm insane
In the end , the most terrifying thing is the human heart . The person who gets along with you day and night , in fact , you do n't know what he is thinking . When you know the truth , you will feel too scary
Good morning , Brother Yuan , I am also in a good mood and good luck today .
I just took the medicine for a cold and fever , and I was lying on the bed groggy , swiping Weibo over and over again .
Today in English class , I flipped through the previous albums of the space , and saw the photos of the old high school photos , which made me want to cry
Why is it too late ? I hate this feeling
Silently curse someone to slap their feet tomorrow and make you squeak
The new home loves the coveted balcony and the babies already know to go to the bathroom on the balcony
This is too . . . It 's amazing I do n't know what to say . .
Who is so shameless and want to interfere in my private life , such as marriage ? Let me sum up my attitude in one sentence : The eighteenth generation of your ancestors ! I sum up my mood in three words : get out of the way .
# National Day Saying Go and Go # The busan trip I watched a few days ago was crowded during the ticket check , and my heart was beating very fast for some reason . I still think of the station scene in the film , and I still have lingering fears [ halo ] [ halo ] [ halo ] ] Let 's drive [ pray ] [ pray ] [ pray ]
I 'm really 26 . At the age of 16 , I began to study in Changsha , and went through the joint entrance examination and college entrance examination ; I studied in Changsha for a university and a master 's degree ; I worked in Changsha and started our life slowly . Suddenly standing somewhere , thinking ... This city has witnessed my great youth and green years ... 💪💪💪
The heart is completely dead ... As the saying goes : the country is easy to change and the nature is hard to change . Tell yourself to stop deceiving yourself and others , and stop being cheap , he is simply a scumbag , love without results is doomed to pain , early death and early life !
Damn , I ca n't be tortured by my roommate 's snoring in the middle of the night . This is a female bed . I want to strangle him to death .
It 's none of my business , irritable . . . Can you get off work early ?
No one can predict tomorrow , so only grasp today . Time is like sand in the hand . The more you try to hold it , the faster it flows . But time is also the water in the sponge , as long as you squeeze it . The key is to see how people grasp this degree . how to look at it . If possible , release it at the right time and close it appropriately . The love of two people is so interesting while letting go . Cherish every minute we have together . This kind of love is over .
Grass mud horse building
Really get pissed off by him . They are listed for him one by one , do n't look at them at all ! Open your mouth and ask ! After I explained it clearly , I said `` Okay , this is this , this is this ... '' and hung up .
Those in Hong Kong who do not recognize as Chinese . Openly holding a banner . The state should give some punishment ! I ca n't stand it anymore~ ! Mistakes are accustomed to . . . I should n't tolerate it any longer~
Let 's go cry for a while ... woo ... woo ...
My heart literally breaks every time I take vitamin C chewables . unpalatable to cry
Please do n't be so noisy during the day when you hold an event in the flag-raising plaza , okay ? Would you let people take a good nap ? @ Shenzhen Information College Student Union
A good day starts with an egg in the morning~
I remember that most of the dogs raised in my hometown were stolen by acquaintances in the village , look down and see ! never mind
The reason for the local tyrant is very simple . Recently , I feel that the soil is so unpalatable .
The uncle of the foreigner who sells ice cream is really patient , and the girl is so happy ! !
We each made up stories that were unwarranted , as if they were real , how much love , how much hatred , what life and death parting , what piercing hearts , childish , stable and good , and I really want to you
Morning , everyone ! Today is full of blood and resurrection ! Well , people always understand a lot in an instant !
A few years ago , when I saw Cao Zhi in `` New Luoshen '' played by Baa Baa , I really loved him very much . A few years ago , I did n't know what Weibo was . Only when I had time to enter Baidu could I know what he was doing . Now that I have Weibo , I just hope that I can see what he is doing when I browse Weibo every day , and I am really satisfied . Really looking forward to seeing him , maybe he is destined to be my beloved male god
If possible , I hope that I am a kind girl , always be kind .
In fact , I see snow every year❄️ but on the day when it snows ... `` Wow , it 's snowing ! ! It 's falling ! It 's still falling ! ! It 's so big ! ! Ah , ah , it 's so beautiful and fun ! ! ! '' Snow # . # Hope it does n't cool down but it can snow hehe #
The fourth season of woc is so scary [ horror ]
Why I 'm so hungry at this time of the day , here 's why
I really want to slap the person who eats in the classroom to death .
To work hard to achieve the second goal , this has always been a secret in my heart~
After reading a chapter of a novel , it ’ s too scary to swipe Weibo for a while [ scared ] [ scared ] [ scared ]
Fish meat ( so bland ! So small ! ) + yam spareribs crock pot soup strongly request to replace the rice auntie ! ! This is forcing me to play 5 cents in the future
I hate this teacher to the bottom of my heart . It feels like all places where I can see her are hell .
Bring your handsome and lovely Yunho Oppa to celebrate your birthday ( and Mr. Family ) Come on , he 's making a cake for you
I really want to sleep like this , sleep until I wake up ! I feel so tired , so tired , so tired , so tired , so tired , so tired , I ca n't hold it anymore
The child could n't stop laughing today , making her mother and grandmother laugh until her stomach hurts .
What are you doing , old beep , staring at your eyes
Do n't use extra excuses to deduct more money , do n't use one customer service to shirk China Unicom
The phone automatically resets to factory settings , it 's really a dog
Learn to make tiramisu slowly learn what he wants to eat , solfeggio , go ahead and run piano lessons , it 's like crazy , but it 's cool , I 've been living alone for 4 months I 'm fine and getting better
Fuck ! ! Really drunk ! ! The opening report is like this , it is the panic of writing a paper and not going crazy .
Super nice ! ! ! Which one of you is chris ?
I fucking pull it over when he needs it and push it out when he does n't need it . Why am I so cheap ?
I deeply feel that it is very difficult to do a literature reading . want to cry
When I find the husband whose name , appearance , and where he lives , I will slap him twice . My mother is hurting to give birth to you .
The sudden panic made me feel so scary
I 'm making progress every day , even if it 's just a little bit , it 's closer to the ideal . Good night
I never took a photo with you , I never walked hand in hand with you , I never hugged you , I did n't keep your scent in my heart , I did n't have a good talk with you ... why did you leave me behind ? How are you doing ?
I hold back , I want to be more and more cold to you ! I wo n't be led away by you again
There is no hate for no reason , and there is no love for no reason , I do n't understand , I do n't do anything , why am I fat again , where is the money ?
I do n't know what I 'm obsessing about , but I know that I 've been embarrassing myself .
The saddest thing in the world is to have great ambitions and waste time .
I 'm so pissed off . I 've already hit level 292 . Why do I have to go back two levels every time I restore data ? ? ? ? ? Did you see that it was directly restored to level 290 ? ? ? I 'm mad at me , do you want to take care of your game or help me recover , really mad at the baby many times ! ! Reply to the customer service response and I will solve the solution to no avail ! @ happy Xiao Xiaole @ happy Xiao Xiaole
Good morning . A new day , keep working hard , it will get better and better in all aspects
Last night , Ren Xiaochai had to watch a ghost movie . I said you were afraid after reading it , she did n't listen , so she had to leave it to her . After watching less than a third of it , I was so frightened that I did n't dare to sleep when it was time to go to bed . I finally fell asleep and had nightmares one after another . I heard her cry in the middle of the night and hugged her for a while . At five o'clock , I had nightmares again and cried a lot . Wake her up and she said she ate her hands . I asked her whose hand was and she said she did n't know . I said oh my hand
Morning , myself ! 34 years old , ca n't live in a mess anymore ! Happy egg laying ! I do n't know if Mama will be happy to hear that she gave birth to an egg
At 5:30 , I still breastfeed . not bad
Watch a movie , talk about a relationship . Hello girl .
Exquisite packaging design , full of traditional cultural taste , Yida Home Textiles let the perfect art into the homes of ordinary people .
I 'm so awesome Zzang , happy birthday to the forever cute master !
I deeply understand that if I ca n't get out , I ca n't work , study and live normally . The broken thoughts in my heart , the bizarre dreams , swallowed me like an endless abyss in an instant , I didn ’ t have time to resist , I didn ’ t have time to cry , I didn ’ t have time to cry , I couldn ’ t escape , I couldn ’ t escape .
Yesterday , I received your blessings intermittently . I woke up this morning and saw the message sent after I slept last night . The person who told me specially~ I love you . Thank you for always walking the road of life with me . Lamo~happybirthdaytomytwentyyearsold ~Iloveyou
I was not rated for the 2015 Golden Bull Award at the regular meeting today , which made me sad for hours ! π_π is selected based on interpersonal relationships , I feel tired and don ’ t love it anymore ! woohoo. . .
Disappointment is accumulated day by day leaving is a long decision
His seal script was uneven in size , elegant and simple , which was a kind of creation at that time .
What the hell is this doing ? Fanfan more blog will not show it . Hate to die .... On Weibo just to see Wu Yifan . Why did you block me Fanfan ?
When you know someone has hurt you , but you have to say hello politely when you meet in love , but there are 10,000 grass and mud horses running in your heart . Alas , how painful it is to realize that growing up is so cruel
If you choose , you have to take it . When you know where to go , the opposition will increase . It 's not loneliness , it 's choice
I think customer service is really irresponsible ! I 'm sure it did n't convey the baby 's title I said , so get angry !
It 's so annoying that I have to start looking for a house , so I ca n't live until the New Year . When I come back , I can find a house . Where will I find it when it snows next month ?
Very happy , very happy , very happy today ! ! I have n't felt such a strong sense of satisfaction and happiness in a long time ! ! Do n't be overjoyed ! ! It feels right to graduate on time !
It 's raining in Shanghai today☔I got two 📦The Yuantong that I did n't deliver yesterday still did n't deliver to me today , little bitch ! I bought the first order of Double 11 on October 13th and it still does n't give it to me !
Let 's go 👻 After walking for more than two hours , the floor is still wet 😥 It does n't look like a south windy day
After class at 7:30 , she even took me to eat food stalls in the city . My sister was wearing sandals and a single coat . She was embarrassed to say that I was cold . I used the navigation along the way and told me that I would not forget the road I drove once . Then you drove me on the way back . Going to the highway , I panicked . You pointed to a red sign that was lit up far away and said the words Zhejiang Normal University . Do you think my sister came from out of town and bullied my sister when she was reading and illiterate ?
It should be my best effort to be able to end a fight gently
Every day with you is super happy and I love you my baby boy .
Alarmist , how many investors have been robbed by the 15-year stock market crash , have you seen this scene ? Even if housing prices return to the level of 14 years in a large area , the real hits are the rich people who entered the market this year . Compared with the stock market crash , the impact on shareholders is much smaller . Because it is too miserable and afraid of failure , it is a good idea to selectively ignore it . Believing in beauty has become a belief driven by fear . Good night !
My God , it 's so hard , it 's really hard , give me a job from the sky ! Suddenly I feel worthless
In the future , I will definitely not use ZTO Express . It has not been sent for 3 days after arrival . The service attitude is extremely poor . I hope you will use it with caution in the future .
Every night when I do laundry I think : Why do people do laundry ? Always do not understand . Needless to say , the clothes two days ago have not been washed. . .
It 's better to ask yourself , if you do n't care about things once or twice , you should make room for me !
I saw that cockroach again . It was just about to hit the ground with bare feet . It was swooning , and I jumped back on the bed in fright . As a result , it ran off the bed . Terrible [ tears ] [ tears ] Chongqing · Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications
Come back soon . I ca n't eat or sleep without you at home . I have to get up early for work tomorrow morning , I 'm still hungry . I do n't want to get up to get something to eat , I do n't want to sleep .
31 . When I come back every night , I am happiest . A group of people are laughing and laughing . The hard work of the day is gone , and they can continue to struggle when they come back . Good night ~ dear fellows
It 's all said in the small composition that should be said ... anyway 1700 happy days
Do you know : the principle of being a human being is too important , you foodies ; what to lose weight : is it okay to have some principles ...
Could it be that after you finish your meal and wash your own dishes and chopsticks , you all come to the conclusion that our home is not like home ! I 'm really upset to hear that
My little baby is very well-behaved , she sleeps when she is full
Good night ! Tomorrow Oriental Hospital , I hope everything is well !
It turns out that when I want to travel through time , I will look like this . The little loli I met is so cute .
Wow , this is the most awesome fan I 've ever seen , is this crazy ? Me and my little friends are shocked .
I want to write a paper to establish a new disease : long speech fear sign [ panic ] [ panic ] [ panic ]
It took more than 90 minutes by car , more than 60 minutes of waiting , less than 10 minutes of interview , and now it takes more than 90 minutes to return by car , sad reminder
I feel really lucky and very happy~ I have a baby who trusts me so much and loves me~ I can be together every day now~ I am so happy
Although Mr. Wang was surprised , he could n't refuse .
I came home , hahaha , there was a traffic jam today , Laodou and my mother were stuck in the car for two hours , 😭😭 So I went to Zuowen boss house to have a seafood dinner , haha , the chicken soup is delicious , and there is a lot of seafood to eat , as soon as I come back I was very moved to eat seafood 😜😜😜😜 ... I finally got home and had a late-night snack with my parents . It 's been a long time since I ate brine . It feels like a long absence !
Damn capitalist ! ! Know the exploitation of labor ! That 's abominable ! That 's abominable ! That 's abominable ! ! I 'm furious……
Why ? Why take it lightly ? These two should be sentenced to life in prison !
To tell the truth , this is the first time I have used a fully automatic washing machine . I used to wash it by hand or semi-automatic . It 's a real peace of mind . Falling in love with laundry ca n't help myself . Happiness in life is up again . thanks oppa
On Sunday , I managed to get up at four o ’ clock . Someone typed on the keyboard as soon as he came back at noon . When he got up , he asked if I was disturbing you . I played music on my mobile phone for self-study . Be stingy ; take other people 's things and never return them ; throw the paper after wiping your nose on the table , and someone else will clean it up for you ; when you are talking to others , you have to intervene in it and force it to be crooked . It 's just because the fellows are getting more and more shameless !
Crazy , motherfucker , you thought you were a primary school student , but you still have an afterthought , huh .
Maybe now Ernest . Laurien was complacent that she had lured him into the mine .
Thousands of miles apart , her wood is tired , but you ca n't do anything , how helpless and distressed .
My right face and my Ernie 's left face can be completely put together
My first love , who broke up for three years , asked me to eat , and I agreed
Why support terrorists ? Is there any conscience
After watching that video . I have no words to express my heartache . I do n't know if you have heard the last second of the song at the end of Dawn . It 's the last there . There was a small sound of crying and exhaling . .
I 'm heartless , I 'm drunk , I 'm going to be mad at myself
It 's ice cream ! Ice cream that looks like a pretty cake
What kind of stupidity is this specification set ! I have to hold it every time
Whenever someone asks me , what do you think is the biggest change in you over the years . My answer is : I really like myself more than before .
Feng Shui says that if the head of the bed and the wall with the door are on the same side , it can lead to neurasthenia for a long time . Sleeping like this for six or seven years may be a major incentive . But earlier , there was a period of time when I slept with a quilt covering my head and chin , only showing my nose to breathe , and further on , there was a dark history caused by fear . In the end , why am I so timid , I really want to hypnotize and analyze it in depth , but I am a little timid when I think about it . fucking
In fact , I am angry , really angry , and anxious , and I want to scold people .
# Thanksgiving # Grateful to have your company all the way , tolerate everything I have !
2015.11.15 You and Annie finally showed up ! ! ! The two appeared at the nobu restaurant in Malibu , California , where celebrities gather . It 's too romantic . This is for the two to celebrate their anniversary ! Look at your cute face
Just watched the horror live broadcast , it looks good , I recommend _ ( : з '' ∠ ) _Good night~
A late-cultivator is doing exam papers and teaching them when they are done ! ! Ca n't you post it a day or two earlier ? What about the freedom to arrange time for late repairs , where does the freedom come from ! ! There is no time to rest for several minutes in a row , and I am already short-sighted . annoying
20151116 Hong Kong pick-up , today 's Tutu , sweet
This person goes upstairs and does n't change his shoes . He always dislikes me because of my poor taste and lack of quality . It 's also because this person does n't even know how to care about others when he 's pregnant .
If you do n't die , there will be blessings . Sure enough , I have benefits today . My wife helped me collect all the restrictions .
Oh I want to beat my mother , I just finished cooking the food and still cook it in the pot , she urged me to go to class
Taking a day off is more tiring than going to work , this day can kill the baby
I hate that when others are studying , there is a female lunatic who opens videos in the study room . Suddenly found out that falling in love is a serious waste of life .
kisses ! I 've never seen such a person before , and he would n't admit it if he took other people 's things ! ! ! blah blah blah ......
# 子不语 # Xia Da is really a very gentle girl
Baby 's daily life , why do you think Didi is the same as my daughter . We can finally see you this weekend 🐻 .
I got up at 6 o'clock and started to go to school when I met the teaching evaluation . I was busy in the afternoon and listened to various classes .
I do n't want to talk to someone like you , to comfort you , but you do n't talk , you can blame me if you 're in a bad mood , it 's not that I messed with you , it 's none of my business ,
Someone , it 's not good to eat a lamb chop , but I did n't sleep well all night , and it 's better to be flopped by my husband , but it 's not good for others to flop
A dead tree , standing beside the quaint town , does n't want to give the impression of being ruined , but what can it do ? Until there was a pupa hanging on the dead tree , the dead tree said to it : `` I have no life , you should not become a butterfly here , you should not be born to witness ruin ! '' I saw the pupa hanging more and more Duo , `` We will use beautiful wings to decorate your ruin . '' The dead tree shed inexplicable tears .
Cleared the escape tonight . The human heart is the most terrifying . alone in the dormitory . A little afraid to sleep . I ca n't play horror games alone in the future . Good night .
Only when I face you and chat with you , my heart is as tender as water when I look at you and say I love you , the water in my heart will overflow when I touch it . From the beginning to now , I think of the smile on the corner of your mouth . It 's always good night , I love you , I love You I love you I love you I love you Liu Yi I love you I want to tell you a hundred times I love you
There are two evil obstacles in the family , and they are alive enough .
Three years of sincerity ca n't match the understanding of one day , it 's better to be strangers
I just found out that I forgot to install the credit card after buying a large item for my family . Am I stupid ? The stock market is full of green , and the financial sky is red . The worse days are really compatible with the winter in Wuhan , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
It is said that this is a Chinese medicine treatment method . It is super scary . Do not open it if you are timid . You will not lose money if you are scared to death | Miaopai Video .
Suddenly it 's been an extra afternoon , I 'm not used to it , I 'll never be remembered if I do n't take the initiative
The classmate draws very well , if you like it , you can privately message him haha
In the first time , I wish my Qiqi baby a happy birthday
Twenty years old , family , love , friends , life is complete .
Looking forward to seeing you on the field again ! !
If this Weibo is not going to use a new account , you will definitely not know about it ! Hahaha
In this tick-tock rain , all I can do is think of you and laugh
When I know the truth , my tears are about to come out ! so ugly
Every time I watch a UFO it 's like watching a horror movie [ horror ] although I never watch a horror movie [ tears ]
The guy who calls me in the morning and noon to disturb my sweet dreams when I 'm sleeping better come to me and admit I 'm wrong , the bomber is ready , I 'm just such a tantrum
What is it that you worry about and change your lungs ? Give me a character that does n't care about everything ! ! Is there anything I can do to save my snack ! !
If two people can really be together , it really has nothing to do with money . If you have more money , you will spend more and less , and you will spend less . What really depends on whether two people can be together is absolutely all aspects of personality . It is really important that the interests are similar . The environment is the same as the level of thinking . important
Okay , be sure to have a good time on this birthday , we Kim Oppa ㅎㅎㅎGood night
The birthday is perfect , all the blessings have been received~ Thank you , I will not reply one by one
Operations research is very interesting , and the teacher is also cute and cute
In the morning , my husband dressed my son , and my son said I wanted my mother to dress me . He also said to himself : Mommy bathes me , Mommy tells me stories , Mommy sleeps with me , what a good mommy ! ( My eyes widened when I was dazedly asleep ) Dad does n't tell me stories , does n't bathe me , does n't sleep with me , he 's not a good dad .
The faulty washing machine sister can be repaired ! It 's amazing !
When I met a transvestite in the middle of the night , why did I feel sorry for him ?
10,000,000 is not easy , your efforts are all in our eyes . It 's awesome .
I felt wrong when I went out today , I always felt that something was going to happen , and sure enough , the card was lost !
Want to grill chicken wings , the best chicken ! Beautiful shape , easy to bake and chew , with a few drops of lemon juice when baking , oh !
In the end , the most terrifying thing is the human heart . The person who gets along with you day and night , in fact , you do n't know what he is thinking . When you know the truth , you will feel too terrifying [ white eyes ]
After returning from the wedding , my mood has been in a low state . The conversation between the three of them that night was still in my ears , and I felt like I couldn ’ t get out again . I wanted to retreat into my shell , and wanted to escape , but can the problem be avoided by me ? ? One night , one day , some words do not know how to express
It 's so easy to play with emotions and self-esteem with two liang meatball ass ! you bastard ! Er Taozi also killed Sanshi !
The Liu Xiao thrown into my house belonged to Wang Yuhong , Chen Jining or Xi ! ! ! But not learned ! ! Back then , she told those men that their daughter wanted to take advantage of others , but instead , she was pretended to be taking advantage of her without knowing what to do today ! ! ! Acting is Wang Li ! ! ! Both Meng and my Liu family have been used by these vicious bitches and rotten bitches who forged their identities to enjoy everything , and they will be mutilated after they are used up !
Focus has passed the backdoor review , and the company has earned 700 million in books . Congrats to myself for quitting the first project .
I did n't eat this breakfast , I was asking the clown to paint ... I did n't want to paint it for a long time , I was tired
I went , once again when I was preparing to eat and found that the rice was not cooked , then once again undercooked in the pressure cooker , cooked twice and charred
What a dog to force the referee ha ...
Even if you have a quarrel , remember the person who bought you food , but you are so fucking tired of living today .
I encountered a headache today . The relevant authorities asked whether my wife is my daughter 's mother . The account book has been changed several times . No original data . And the word of mouth is useless . Would n't that be hard on us ? Under the new regulations , the public security department will no longer issue such certificates .
Happy birthday to my daughter-in-law , everything goes well
This is the first time I met someone who hated tomato scrambled eggs and said that my tomato scrambled egg bibimbap was disgusting , so why did you eat a piece of egg ! I 'm so pissed off baby
am I pretty ? This was taken in my friend 's car . I can still laugh at him . It 's beautiful .
Collect nine summon dragons ! happy Birthday to me !
Abdominal pain + backache + drowsiness = I just want to stay in the bedroom and do n't want to move
I especially want to change the id to `` I chop off my hands if I get YTO again ''
Why are you so fat , so ugly , and so poor ?
# 林俊杰and their own dialogue # RMB is ready , let ’ s talk , when will the pre-sale .
After half a month , I finally returned to my nest . Now I 'm so tired that I just want to sleep~ I have a bunch of things I have n't done , but the sky is falling , so let me sleep first .
I did n't see how warm the heater is , the sound is too loud , it 's too noisy
Speaking test baby is suffering
Brush your teeth with the toothbrush you brought every day full of love Good morning
Our giant baby likes to drink chocolate milkshakes the most . When he speaks , there will be a cute little milky voice . In front of his brothers , he is more innocent than he looks . You are full of domineering , handsome dance steps , the stage has always been your dream , one day you will stand on the stage that belongs to you and shine your light~ Yugyeom HappyBirthdaytoYou
Wake up early in the morning and find the sun rising quietly , which means there is hope for clothes that have been wet for a week ! I believe that Mumeng 's mood has also become sunny ! A pair of Hanyuan ink and wash paintings are given to Ni ! , Good morning !
There were not many , so what are they doing. . . . .
Sometimes I feel so lost , thinking too much , doing too little , lacking the courage to fail , let alone success
Ever since I watched Train to Busan , I have had an inexplicable sense of fear about taking the train [ panic ]
It pissed me off ! School girls are really cheap. . .
Big brother 's sound effect is really good ... ! Hi today ...
4,000 Internet-addicted girls who can play games have recently suffered setbacks on the way to games
There is a stray dog ​​near the community recently ... that kind of little dog ... I really feel bad ... It has nowhere to go when it rains ... I want to take it home and take it to the veterinary hospital ... But my parents wo n't let ...
Accompanied by a loud noise and a huge pain in the right shoulder when putting on clothes , the pain like a dislocated bone that lasted for almost five days disappeared ! ! Lost bird ! ! !
The more I do it , the more confident I am , the appearance is not so good , but the taste is really good
Today is your birthday , I ca n't spend it with you again in the distance , but you have to be happy , I 'll give you a surprise when it 's dawn , Mama , happy birthday !
Gifts are received softly ! ! This is only part of it ! There 's a lot to eat and play
Listening to Pinguan 's coaxing me to sleep , the bottom of my heart is a little warm , the corners of my mouth rise unconsciously , and extravagant hopes become possible , I want you to hug me and comfort me and coax me to sleep~ Protect me to be the purest and happiest person
Learn and practice at the same time , and be confident . Dare to ask where the heroes are now ! Comrade teachers and students , work together to tackle key problems ; laugh at who is the leader of Yan and Zhao !
I just watched the video of the MMA awards ceremony , and the selection of the award-winning VCR 's clips was well received ! I got high all of a sudden , the shape and part of Lao Zhang 's calling me treasure are really good ! ps . I was frightened by Qianqian 's muscles
believe it ? It 's so late , and I 'm still eating supper , and my favorite preserved egg salad , hahaha ... The lady boss is so nice , she keeps saying , I ca n't eat preserved eggs outside , hahaha ... …I know your food is delicious . If it is not delicious , do we have to drive all the way to your house to eat ?
Tonight , I had a hard time watching the top 80 matches of the men 's football team of the People 's Republic of China in the Asian qualifiers for the World Cup . The away game VS Hong Kong team . I moved the small table to the master bedroom , and watched the ball and went away . Horse stuff ! ? Not as good as the middle armour ! Albin
I looked at the Taobao logistics information before going to bed , and found that there was still no change , and I fell asleep crying ( the picture and text have nothing to do )
·Be a good woman ·Work , live , try your best to be better ·Learn to love yourself , take care of yourself , be kind to yourself ·Do what you need to do · Be where you should be · Cherish the life you should cherish · Be able to deal with the unexpected The evolution of the sea can be content with the unremarkable tranquility . The strong wind and waves have the majesty of the waves crashing on the shore , and the firewood , rice , oil and salt also have the warmth of the long flowing water .
When it snows , I am happy like a child , skiing , snowball fights , walking and jumping . I was still a child . As long as we are not married , in the eyes of adults , I am still a child , and I can get lucky money . , then if I do n't get married , I will always be a child , so I can be happy every day , and I can have no worries .
It 's too bullying . It 's unbearable to do this over and over again .
The people in the Apple Direct Store saw that I was afraid [ fear ] [ fear ] [ fear ] my God [ frightened ] [ frightened ] [ frightened ]
Too busy with work , no time to go to Taobao , let alone shopping
I wrote a report all afternoon , the whole word disappeared , and the West Lake couldn ’ t hold my tears .
There are many arrogant Karma people , but at least others have arrogant capital . Big sister stupid woman , do you have one ? You do n't even have the most basic professional level . If you have any qualifications , you can tell me how you are arrogant . Do n't forget that I 'm still your direct boss . As long as I say No , you can go home and celebrate the New Year .
I 'm telling you I had a nightmare last night . All the exes came to me and they held a baby in my arms and said it was my point . Some of these children have no eyes and some have no arms . It 's horrible to wake up and think about it . I have n't slept with these girls in my dreams ... Taiyuan·Wuyi Road
Is there any kind of situation where you start drinking allergies and do n't have allergies after a few years ? Will this be my new skill
i still like runningman
I was so frightened that I stepped forward and touched it ! And the last one . . . Does the master think everyone is blind ? [ Meow meow ] So scary
`` Eczema , rhinitis , asthma '' all happened , exhausted !
Dad is so nice . Seeing that the weather is not good , he came to pick us up to and from get off work , and Zhang Ge to school . He also specifically asked his two sons-in-law not to let them go home and not let them drive . Thanks dad .
It was terrible . I had a nightmare last night , woke up , woke up from a nightmare and woke up at least four or five times before I fell asleep .
Headache , sore throat , back pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , leg pain
It 's rare to wear makeup . I used to wear makeup every day when I was a little girl . After getting married , I do n't know when it became so unbeautiful .
It 's really scary today . I heard Roezi and the others say that my face was blue and my mouth was white ... [ Bad ] After two more minutes , Lao Lu should call an ambulance [ ambulance ] , almost paralyzed there ! [ Halo ] But I really do n't believe that I was `` blue in the face and white in the mouth '' ... If this is the case , I should n't ... It 's terrible ... [ dumbfounded ]
It must be because my brain is flooded and I wasted two hours watching the national football game the night before the exam . Although the national football team is really a piece of shit , but the four fucking goalposts and a person who misjudged it is also full of anger , naturalized in Hong Kong Awesome team . And I drank a cup of Hong Kong-style milk tea at 7 o'clock . Now his mother has to pee and give up treatment , and tomorrow will follow the fate
Listen to Mayday fall asleep tomorrow is another beautiful day without reading early
At noon , when my mother spreads the cake and eats it , I said can I put an egg ? My mom said no ! I said my heart is broken
Cold , ca n't take medicine , ca n't resist , ca n't breathe through the nose , can only breathe through the mouth
Dating is not easy , it is not easy to persevere , and it is even more difficult to persevere for a long time , but thank you for loving me , my Dandan , I will be very happy with you . I wish us a happy 6 months of dating , love you love you
A little aggrieved . I have been getting scammed all the time recently , not because others are too bad , but because I am too stupid . I should go back to my alien planet
Flip through a magazine and read it before going to bed to get inspiration for the next day ! Today 's dumplings have been praised by Han Xiaopai , and they are beautiful in my heart ! I even drank the sauce I made hahaha
Ahhhhhhhhh , where is my knife ? Writer , let 's talk
Fun facts about injections : Now💉 calm down , entertain yourself , pretend to adjust the speed of the infusion , organize children to line up and group ( ten teams such as the pineapple team , the 🍉 team , the blueberry team , etc . ) , and have a slogan .... The mouth does not stop However , I have been speaking in a low voice and not talking so much . I have a throat problem , and now it is even more hoarse . In short , the baby 's injection this time is completely different than before , and she is in a very good mood , and she wakes up with a smile from her sleep .
Best Express is the worst courier on the planet , no one !
I feel that there is someone around you who is more terrifying to me than a time bomb , and it makes me terrified . In my impression , she has been hurting me , and she will destroy all my beautiful things , and it is only natural that I am true . of fear ! If you approach her because I ignore you , then you go , I ca n't do anything , although I will be reluctant , but I do n't want to live in the days of worry and fear , I just want to have a stable life !
Go back home to France ! piss off ! Say goodbye to the 2018 World Cup in 2015
# 雪的 # Don ’ t affect your mood because of some people or certain things . Be gentle , but not compromise . We must be quiet and unhurried and strong .
Are the editors frozen ? I 'm really worried that the non-car party in this issue will be smashed by them~~
Just this morning , around 9 o'clock , a female colleague of mine was robbed of an iPhone 4S at Exit D of Tuanjiehu Station of the subway . She called her family and said that she had been kidnapped , and she quickly brought money to redeem her . The matter has been reported . It 's really terrible . In broad daylight , this kind of thing happened in the core of the capital 's CBD . It makes us office workers feel nervous . I hope @ safe Beijing can increase the crackdown on crimes near Tuan Tuan Lake and make Beijing safe
I went to the fetal monitoring today , the baby 's performance is super good , the doctor said full marks , love 👶
One should pay attention to the quality of life . If you turn on the speaker and sing in the middle of the night , you will be insane , and you will sing out of tune . This kind of person will be shot and killed .
Every time I go to the hospital , there are so many people , and there are people who cut the queue and go through the back door . Finally , it was my turn . You told me that you can ’ t come back in half a month ? !
Finding the landlord to be annoying . . . . . . . Although it is only a few dollars to write a few kilowatt-hours of electricity . . . But really hate petty cheap . . . .
It was a clear morning , when the sky was already bright for a long time , I woke up from my sleep , I do n't know why I was so tired .
It 's 1 o'clock , today is my birthday , happy birthday to myself
When I went back to my mother in the evening , my mother told me that she received a one-child allowance of 2,400 yuan from the street a few days ago ..
There are two things that are easy to get lost , one is a lie , and the other is desire .
Everyone is safe and healthy ؏؏☝ᖗ乛◡乛ᖘ☝؏؏ Perfect
Do you still remember the day the Nuke officially opened ? November 9 , 2015 ! As of yesterday , November 16 , 2015 ! It has only been a week , and in just 7 days , the number of members who have joined the nuclear team has reached 140,000 ! Others , I do n't need to say more anyway , time will not wait for you , and I will not wait for you
Indulge in today 's sunny day . Good morning world .
Get up early to make breakfast , and eat full of happiness !
Happy Birthday Xin Xin Xin Xin ! The baby just arrived at the dorm ! Alas , I remember when we were so romantic in the small dark room , you sang to the stupid baby ! Play cards with this baby ! Auntie , I love you , I love you , I love you , I love you ! Second shot , small video , I will shoot it for you when I have a mobile phone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Repeated work , the data is installed , disassembled and disassembled ! Why ca n't you be strict and serious when you do these things in the first place , and do n't be opportunistic ? ! Hate to wipe other people 's ass like this ! Obviously not my business !
If I want to learn everything , then why do I want you to do it , I learned to make my own life , and what are you doing to you ? You have to watch the child all day , and you have to watch the child if you have an upset stomach . Makes you more angry ? ?
From now on , I want to be a kind and lovely baby .
People need to use others to solve their loneliness . This kind of loneliness is not loneliness . Excluding this kind of loneliness may just be a proof of one 's own values , `` Look , there are people in this world who are like me , and I am not a monster . '' Maybe companionship is still a need from self-humanity in the final analysis .
Is this referee fucking bought ? Obviously scored a goal , blind
short hair ! short hair ! Want short hair ! Say important things three times
Such a girlfriend is so scary [ horrified ] [ horrified ] [ star eye ] [ star eye ] [ star eye ] [ horrified ] [ star eye ] [ horrified ] [ star eye ] [ horrified ] [ star eye ] [ horrified ] [ star eye ]
A good day begins , give yourself a hope every day , try not to worry about tomorrow , not to sigh about yesterday , just to make today better . Good morning everyone !
Is this what Li Kui came through ? I met at the intersection of Jing'an Temple today and was shocked
Endless meetings , one rule ? One rule . After school at 4:40 , I only said one thing at 6:00 !
Do n't let the people who are waiting for you stop waiting for you , and do n't let the people who love you stop loving you ... Do n't forget the original intention , and always be square .
There are very few Sichuan dogs , really he is not a thing , can you fucking chat ? Sichuan dog dog dog , grass
Holy crap , what a cool expression , so much fun ! !
It 's another wavey Wednesday~ I sang a lot of songs in the afternoon , even I was surprised
I want to hug you , pat you , and you say it 's alright , but I find such language a little powerless to see you lost , and I 'm in a bad mood , so I can only watch you silently , I do n't know how to comfort you
There is always a stupid roommate who asks me to pay for her in advance every time she eats , and then transfers it to me by Alipay , however ! Not then anymore ! ! Not a single time ! They all told her that there was no money in the meal card , so she immediately said , `` Oh , I have n't transferred the money to you yet , and I will transfer it to you right away . But it did n't change , so Ben Bao now stops eating with her , going out for shopping and roaming together . In short , all activities that cost money will be put to an end .
Tonight my friend shared a happy thing with me , she got off the list ! Still with the person you love ! The person she likes silently turns out to like her too ! Fate is unstoppable hahaha ! Bless ! I am also very happy to see you are very happy . Thank you for sharing your happiness with me for the first time !
I met thieves , Xinjiang people , two . One touches my left bag , and the other touches my right pocket when I look left ! Really organized and disciplined . Be careful everyone , on the flyover in Sanlitun . [ Wronged ]
It was cold and rainy and I wore so , so , so little , , , and my brothers decided to lock me on the balcony and drink AD calcium together and smile at me . Although I have sued the crime boss and her mother , I still have to Say something cruel , you wait
The national football team can change the coach . Do n't delay here because of the Asian Cup 's performance I can arrange the tactics and leave early .
Now that I see the bad guys in TV series , and think about life , the roots of my hatred are itchy .
Watching the news , the Emperor of Japan made his first televised speech this afternoon , thanking various countries and international organizations for their assistance to Japan , and calling on the people to live bravely . The nuclear crisis continues to escalate , which is worrying . The emperor came out to speak to show that the situation was very important . The last sentence is even more shocking ! May God bless all beings with peace !
The same are all onions , why do you want to put garlic , what are you doing ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
If you love to hold grudges , people with soft ears will be mad , mad , mad
Suddenly I feel like being called by my full name is full of love
The so-called good friends should be still very good after quarreling , who are you showing your face ! Labor and capital do n't eat you ! What a fuck ! It 's time for a dog !
It turns out that you are the luck I want to keep the most , the decision to fight against the world for me , the rain that accompanies me , the scene is all you , the spotless sincerity , how lucky I should be ,
I knew that Ge You was lying down at home , I was afraid , I was going to have intensive phobia [ tears ] [ tears ]
Fresh , elegant , serene , and immersive .
Every time my mother drives the car , we are so nervous , we dare not look at our mobile phones , and keep staring at her , we are afraid that my mother will be in a trance , and then step on the brakes to the accelerator [ bad ] [ bad ] [ bad ] Baoji·Fufeng county
The couple quarreled upstairs , it seemed because the man was cheating , the man kept jumping and swearing and throwing things , the ceiling vibrated , and the woman did n't speak . I just heard a nice voice and said coldly , too much disgusting , leave ! Then there is the clack of high heels opening and closing the door. . . . . . It feels like the roles are reversed
The 📦📦 of Double Eleven is the slowest of Yuantong. . slow. . slow. . slow . .
What ? ! Edgar is Yuma as a child ? ! ( Bite the apple and be shocked ( I only bought it after moreblood , do n't spoil the animation in advance !
In a week or two , it 'll be minus degrees , and I ca n't go home in eight weeks .
Today is the third day of exercise , 20 minutes warm-up 7-speed walking , 40 minutes 8-speed running , 20 minutes recovery 7-speed walking . But the leaderboard has not reached the top three in the leaderboard . How awesome are you ?
🐻zai went to sleep with the clean one sent by Ashen +
I grabbed the shoes and clothes I wanted at three o'clock on Double Eleven. . I 've been waiting for the courier all week. . When I received the courier , I was in a good mood . I opened the boots and tried them on , but I could n't put them on . . . horrible. . want to cry
The salary is low but the heart is not tired , the salary is not low but the heart is tired , which one is better ? Should I be content with the status quo ? How can I know what is right for me ? ? ? Regret is a big push , but so what . After all , there is no regret medicine in the world ...
I know that there will be a lot of conflicts and quarrels after a child . Breastfeeding every day is so exhausting , I can fall asleep at night🍼 , what will happen when I have a confinement ! Do not make me angry
It was the first time I learned to file a case , and I was very fortunate to meet a master who would give me a chance . Maybe there will be many opportunities to file a case when the business starts slowly in the future , and the excitement of the first time is worth recording
This time I owe a lot of favors , and my mother criticized me seriously
Inspiration is like not wanting money . I like this feeling very much . I want to find a coffee shop and be alone tomorrow . It should feel better . Keep it up !
Good morning ! Ladies and gentlemen ! A new day has begun , are you ready for a new day ? I am full of positive energy right now ! Start hugging me every day !
Seeing someone say goodnight to you every night , I will be very happy for you
I will not touch your circle , and please do n't interfere in my circle again . Can we respect each other ?
Looking through old photos , combing through the unorganized memories that were thrown aside in the past , it feels like watching an old movie , comfortable
I hate harassing phone calls , and they wake people up in the middle of the night . I really want to catch these people and beat them up .
I especially hate swearing boys to roll and play with my baby
Really angry , really perverted , really so sad , a good child was ruined like this ! Is there a trace of compassion ? How can such a hateful person exist ! ! !
We are back to normal again ! Because I called him first ! I am so proud !
Da Da ~ Eat , drink , sleep , play and play for three days~ Recover your vitality and continue to conquer the little cuties in the afternoon
I have never seen such a clean night sky , the night in Shenzhen is really beautiful . Good night !
The rhythm is fast , and I am apprehensive ; the tempo is slow , and I am apprehensive . . . No one has roundworms in their stomachs . . . Does soulmate really exist ? Where ? [ think ]
Hope no one dares to secretly use my HOOD again ! And make a mess
Pointing at a woman with a big face on the TV , he asked , `` Who has the bigger face , me or her ? ? '' The family was silent . . . Then he answered me : I do n't know. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Damn it hurts
Really TMD scared me to death , thought you were waiting for me to get off work
I really do n't know how to describe my current mood . After working on a document for five hours , I opened a PDF file because I was cheap , and then the previous file was gone . It 's really hahaha to give it to me .
My rose is just an ordinary rose , but to me she is the only rose in the universe -- - '' The Little Prince ''
Overthrow our alliance , how can I , the leader of the alliance , eat ?
I just want to break down , I do n't want to get over it . Crash is a luxury
Is n't it just a nap ? There will be high heels for a while , a loud voice for a while , and parenting time for a while .
Since ancient times , `` Famous tea has been hidden in famous mountains , and famous mountains have made famous tea .
This caused friction between the two sides , and the town secretary broke the bridge of the deputy mayor 's nose with a fist .
You guys in the national football team ca n't even play your own little brothers in Hong Kong , so why not rush out of Asia~ Let 's go back to wash and sleep~
A new day starts again , the little dumplings are here to send good morning
One kind of love is that you can die for her ; another kind of love is that you have to live well for the person you love .
I took the Mandarin test twice , and each time I was a little bit short of my goal , just a little bit ! ! Going to be pissed off ! !
Nima scared me to death . People cut their hair and it was as short as a prisoner of labor . What the hell is behind [ black line ] [ black line ] [ black line ] [ white eye ] [ white eye ]
A little nervous~ But Meimeiyang and Yuanyuanyuan are going to see my performance , so exciting !
I feel unhappy that I was bought by a cup of black tea macchiato
It 's so boring to be alone , the food is tasteless , you just want to be here ... alas ...
I was angry with my mother in the morning and actually said , find a new mother
What the hell ! ! ! ! ! ! Beast ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
After living a comfortable life for too long , I was stunned by the recent series of international events . What rhythm is this ?
Want to install a software by yourself , why is it difficult ? ? want to curse
California 's most famous pasta , pizza , actually have to line up , garlic shrimp ball , Gongpao shrimp ball , delicious
I 'm so annoying , so annoying , so annoying . You do n't know your sister , so why are you talking to her in class ? I 'm so bored and laughing so happy
I went to the customs to do the return , it cost 286 , it hurts
After watching the horror movie , I realized that I was sleeping alone in a hotel . The soundproofing of the corridor was not good , so I could hear footsteps . There was such a service downstairs , so I was so scared that I was not sleepy .
Thank you honey for helping me celebrate my birthday ! ! ! Thank you for your blessings and everyone around you ! Love you guys
As soon as it rains , I feel inexplicably sad , and in the next second , my emotions completely collapse , and I ca n't help shedding tears with my eyes closed . This emotion has been with me for a year and a half . What kind of sadness , grievance , inability to justify , and deep regret I think are only known by the sound of the pattering rain
2011.11.24 , 11:58 , in `` The Bottom Spice Girl '' , my daughter , who has always been neglected and underestimated , finally took the exam for her dream university . My father carried his daughter on his back .... I actually wanted to shout : If you rush at this moment Come to me in front of me and I will forgive you ... hehe ...
At the end of the game , Arsenal beat Dinamo Sagna 3-0 , Sanchez shined , and the next Champions League final battle of life and death , let 's go to Greece to win two goals or a score of 3:2
When you wake up , you find that the person you dreamed of is not around you , your future , and there will be no sense of loss and discomfort in his heart .
The handwriting is scribbled but does not lose the connotation . The review written by the dormitory does not pull out the plug-in board . We ca n't help ourselves . I really do n't know how to write it .
The female boss of menopause is really unbearable and irritating
It 's just a late night snack , and you 're starting to feel sore . You have to get up at 6 o'clock . I just want to sleep peacefully . Be good ! Do n't torture me .
I have heard too much fate , it seems that I have to prepare myself to live a good life by myself ... I will gladly face everything , whether it is good or bad !
Do you want to be beautiful even when the seasons cool down ? A scarf is enough ! Xiaofa will popularize the tying methods of several most commonly used thick scarves in winter for everyone , hurry up and call your friends , let 's get √ together !
Draw a circle to curse you ! ( Smelly old man ) Dirty !
The pen that I had been with me for 3 years when I woke up in the morning was gone . I really couldn ’ t find it .
@ Sina Weibo you bitch , what broken function is set up , is n't it agreed that only you can see it ? tellmewhy ? You bitch !
Since the meeting has started , I am so hungry🐶 , I miss my mother
Not complaining . Instead , he simply wanted to take everything and slap him in the face and tell him you fucked it up ! What the hell !
Pulled out so much gray hair today , I 'm still young , stay away from me
Is this what the police do now ? !
It 's time to change my destiny , but unfortunately it 's not enough , I 'm a little lost
Today is the first time for Miss Bao to participate in the `` Halloween '' held at the school ... It seems that she had a good time
I really regret that I have deleted a lot of things on Weibo before , but I ca n't find them back , only some residual memories are left .
[ Baby ] # Day98 # fell out of bed for the first time , and I still have lingering fears . I did n't cry all the time , I fell asleep after feeding after coaxing for a while . Looking at you sleeping with a face full of mosquitoes , I really regret it , I feel distressed ! This must be the first and the last time .
Today is an unfortunate day. . . . . . .
The mental process of making this dish : When I saw it in the market , they were spraying water one by one and having fun . When I bought it and cleaned it home , they were all afraid to close the armor . Because there was too much mud , when I cleaned it hard , I found that a shell was broken . Broken , I think they are so pitiful~ I was very tangled when frying them , I fried them to death one by one~ Do they have a nervous system ? But when I smell it , I forget everything they had before they were alive , humans are so scary
After watching the video tutorial for a few days , I finally decided to knit quietly . I feel pretty good . My mother and husband said that it is not bad . I am very happy .
The choices you have made rarely give you the opportunity to go back and change , and you do n't have the courage to leave all the alternatives behind . You have to work hard to make the original choice right .
If anyone is fortunate enough to be the first champion in the examination , not only can they get a high official and generous salary , but they can also be famous all over the world .
Especially after the participation , reflectivewriting has become my most disgusting genre . 1000 reflections took me four days to review every day to finish ...
I have to take back the things I bought in the rain
I just wanted to ask @ Hangzhou Citizen Card how you managed to get the busy tone of `` the service representative is busy '' no matter when you called your customer service phone in the past week .
I just went to bed , my shoulder slapped , and I felt the whole left shoulder was bad and hurt .
It has always been like this from the past to the present , fearing what will happen in the future , and fearing the denial of that time in the future . Fear of your own numbness . Even if I look back and think about the past , there is nothing . But at the current time , it makes me terrified to think that I will look at myself like this indifferently in the future .
It must be one of the happiest things in the world to eat when you want it
Guide them in an environment they love ! Encourage them to learn from the truth , the good and the beautiful , so our country ! Our nation , our generation of college students is hopeful !
After reading it , how could there be such a bold girl , terrifying [ horrified ] ! In this society , there really is everyone . You ca n't just post these locations ! too horrible !
It 's good to get up and read a book , and sleep through the afternoon . I was hungry and boiled the noodles , and found that there was no salt . After waiting for a long time , the noodles were still not cooked . It turned out to be tripped . I waited again and it was still not cooked . Oh , it turned out that the plug had fallen out ... I love it ! I do n't fucking eat
It 's quiet and scary , I should watch a horror movie at this time [ horror ]
I ca n't do anything about the power outage again
Facts have proved how wrong it was for me to remove the mosquito net after 11th ! I have n't slept well in the past few days . On average , there are three or four mosquitoes every night . Who has as many as us ? Do you have mosquito nests in your home ? I gave up , put the mosquito net back on tomorrow , I have n't found this one tonight , it buzzes when I turn off the lights , I 'm crazy
Every time I remember it is full of warmth and emotion
Yuantong Express , violent delivery ! It 's all like this , even saying that there is no face-to-face acceptance , completely shirk responsibility !
The logistics shows that the receipt has been signed . But I did n't receive it . I did n't see it when I went to the community property management . No one answered the phone . several meanings .
I 'm going home around January 9th or 10th , and it 's getting closer . Husband , I love you so much
Cantonese people ca n't afford to be hurt in the hot winter , so they ask for 2000 yuan to buy an air conditioner
That big spider scared me last night , and I did n't know where to hide for a while . Now I 'm sleeping with shadows . I have turned the bed and the side a few times . I should leave .
I was angry with my mother last night , and this morning I got a phone call from a student saying that I missed the exam time . I was worried that I would fall into a puddle at noon and wring my rose gold screen . I wonder how much I can bear .
Seeing Taipei for the first time~ Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hall , Taipei 101 , Eslite Bookstore one day~ As a result , just half an hour ago , there was an earthquake ! But I scared my sister to death ... Lying on the hotel bed was fine , but suddenly I felt so shaken ! It was the first time I felt such a terrifying shaking when I grew up so big , it was terrifying ! Who can report the earthquake problem in Taiwan ... Let me see what magnitude this earthquake is ? |Taiwan
Post photos of my son , the first time to post , take care
[ Meow meow ] [ Meow meow ] [ Meow meow ] The last one is the most terrifying [ tears ] It 's scary to cry
My husband said that as long as I live happily every day , he raised me and was very moved . When he gave me the salary card , he said , `` Baby , you can buy whatever you want . My heart is beautiful . ''
What you really like and want , nothing is easy to get . That 's the reason for the effort .
Annoying , why is the road so blocked today , I ca n't move ! ! !
I feel very frightened and afraid that I ca n't control myself and want to jump out of the window .
I rely on what should I do to relieve my anger
It 's probably my mother get 's new photography skills . I thought I went from 162 to 165
Momo account was banned , did someone report me , who can tell me
Life is like a play , now the scene has been arranged , but the protagonist is no longer there
Why should the No Wind and No Rain Games be postponed ? Why is the dog forced the school to collect money ?
Low blood sugar leads to physical loss and weight loss
The craziest thing I 've ever done was be brave with you
The thing that drives me the most at this moment is the one where someone is eating next to you I can ’ t stand it anymore and want to beat people
I smelled a chill in the east , so children 's shoes must keep themselves warm LoveYou ! MH
Try something new , I 'm talking about cups . The design and texture are super good . Expensive , but worth it .
Twice a haircut in a month ! It 's just because the so-called director of the garbage last time cut his hair too hard to see !
Doing things with low emotional intelligence every day ... I really want to slap myself twice
Please tell me how to get rid of the paint smell as soon as possible , the newly renovated shop smells so bad , after a long time , I am dizzy
Why does everyone love Thursday ? so annoying
Now is really an era of looking at the face , and the People 's Bank of China has also made a sacrifice : the new version of the RMB , even Grandpa Mao has been slapped with water , the double chin is gone , and the skin is more delicate and shiny
Daily insomnia punch card . Pity I have to go to practice at 4 o'clock tomorrow ...
For Mao , I brush a Weibo and keep flashing back ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Tonight , I came to a friend 's shop for tea and chat , and I was with a group of young people , and my brother suddenly became a lot younger. . .
It 's so weird . It rained the night before and the window was not closed . I woke up in the morning and thought the floor was wet , only to find that the window was closed . I wanted to turn on the mosquito repellent before going to bed yesterday and found that it was on . I woke up this morning and reached out to turn it off , but the mosquito repellent was already turned off .
Yesterday there were only two classes in the morning , and I did n't have classes this morning . This life has been wonderful .
I like rainy , sunny , night , daytime ... all of them . It seems that the winter has been successful . It feels so good ( see Figure 1 and 2 )
Let eclipse drive me crazy today ah ah ah ah
I smiled and patted your shoulder : let 's tear it apart
The real originality in the world is only your own life .
Maya Ayase little angel ! ! ! ! ! ! After so many years , there are still new pictures
This familiar feeling ... I want to give him full marks
It 's terrible . The price of the Eleven Hotel has doubled . [ Scare ]
It 's a bit scary to think that the easter eggs are two fluttering together to attend Chen Mo 's wedding [ horrified ] # 杨阳 # # 杨阳毛八八 # # 杨阳Passing by your whole world #
Scared me to throw my phone away , scary
I ca n't sleep because I 'm hungry . Nothing at all . want to scold .
At this moment , it would be perfect to bottle ice Coke , 🌚🌝
New media movie 🎬《Dark Night Dancer》💃💃💃 waited for a day , but told to shoot the scene of the practice room tomorrow . It 's not cold at all today
Finally , you can read anytime , anywhere without interruption .
She is really a foodie . Just for a gluten roast , she pulls up the sleeping baby and insists on going , ah ah ah ah ah ah , I 'm so angry
Being a Chinese is really hard . Every move is the proof . It wastes time and money , and you have to look at people 's faces !
Oh yes ! Hemp buckle head is born fast ! Haru-chan loves you !
Now there is no way to complain about express delivery . I went from Cangnan Guotong Express to Wenzhou Longwan Shangjiang Fastener Market on the 12th , and I have not yet arrived . No one answered the phone call to the Longwan branch , so no one answered the call to the Shanghai head office . After thinking about it , Cangnan Guotong Company complained that this item was in the Wenzhou Longwan branch , and asked me to call . This has nothing to do with my network ... Irresponsible courier company ,
I dreamed that I cried in my dream and woke up still so sad
Annoying , annoying . . . Talking about what you do n't want , what kind of things you do n't want to do ! ! ! The mouth is not the heart . I 'm busy over there every day , I do n't know what I 'm busy with ! ! !
Always in times of hysteria , be rescued Goodnight BLUEBLUEBLUE. . .
The ulcer was just a week old and the wisdom teeth were sore that I could only eat on one side
I 'm going to be driven crazy by the two silly roe deer in the dormitory ! ! ! ! !
The IQ is anxious , and the emotional intelligence is also so anxious . I went to the leadership office to draw a picture . The leadership office happened to see an uncle in a community . He just opened the door and was expressionless for a few seconds , then he was speechless , and he went out and said 'What about the inspection ' ? After thinking about it , he is still a bureau leader , but even if it is not , I am too cold today , my brain is slow , and I am rude !
People have sued me for rejecting Zhongtong , why am I still sending Zhongtong ? In the collapse , what is the swollen ...
In order to nurture the underachievers , he established the Kendo Hall - Youxin Hall , where a large number of talents came out , including Nakakura Kiyoshi and other kendo masters , so it is not an exaggeration to say that Zhongshan was a great swordsman in the Showa era .
Zhang Taiyan was detained in Beijing . [ Bicycle ] asked Yuan Shikai 's closest confidant , Secretary Zhang , to soften his cheeks and said , `` President Yuan has 100,000 elite soldiers , why should he be afraid of a scholar and not restore his freedom ? '' Zhang Fangmu replied : `` Taiyan 's writing style can sweep thousands of troops , and it is also a terrible thing ! ''
Met a woman at Starbucks , laughed like a lunatic , and kept laughing . like a fucking idiot
The program rehearsal of the double dan evening party , and there is a fellow , it is good
Feeling like shit today . Fuck you idiot thank you .
It appears in reality that [ sick ] Yesterday , I saw a Japanese TV station reporting on the killing of a patient . What is Japan doing recently ... I just saw the poison gas in the subway , and I came to a hospital to be poisoned ... This thing is really scary . . . ……………………
Do one good deed every day . One nonsense at night : I will be fine , one day , one day , just not today .
Those who say I do it are appointed to do it better than I do . Do not say anything . back off . I do n't want to talk to reptiles right now !
I wish you a happy birthday , Wanghua Road International is prosperous , your career is going well , and you can return to the beauty as soon as possible
I said I 'm fine , I 'm smiling very hard , but why are my sore eyes like this every time , waiting and waiting for no result , it 's better not to give me hope at the beginning , , ,
The first snow this year is your company❄️ for two months .
I asked for leave to change my ID card . The image capture machine was broken and I could n't do it . Transfer to the hospital , oops , it 's full of people
I really want to be a dog than a design , I do n't have a penny for the design fee , and I also ask for more things than one , I really want to kill people now ! ! !
So sad that I feel worthless 😂😂 It 's hard to do anything
Losing is not lost . Losing is not lost to time , but to yourself . It is not cherished by others . I do n't understand . Why do you want others to understand that you are happy , happy , happy and healthy . Bless the world with happiness , happiness , happiness and health .
There seems to be something heavy in my heart , but I ca n't let go
Mei Changsu 's character is so powerful ! Play the bad guys in the palm of your hand ! It looks so cool !
When the double 11 courier was still picking up the parcels , I felt that my patience had reached the limit .
I want to kill someone . I wrote more than 6 hours of travel journals on my Sina blog , and I did n't do anything today . Just because I clicked `` Delete Location '' at the end , the whole article disappeared ! ! ! ! ! The location of the deletion has nothing to do with the fucking article , and there is no automatic save , no cancellation , what the hell are you doing on Sina Blog ! ! ! ! Give me back my text ! ! ! I 'm going crazy
I 've been teasing hamsters since evening self-study , and feces on my hands
I can understand those people who are desperate . They don ’ t want to be bad , but they are forced out . Some things really can ’ t be achieved with their own hands . They can ’ t be prosperous without hard work . When they do everything , they find that there is no effect at all . People feel hopeless . , feel relaxed , feel world-weary , feel helpless , there is really no way out , there is really no way , every day I am worried , it is useless to be afraid , ruthless , life can make you suffer as much as you can .
I am very happy today . I received a gift again . I love it . It is a coincidence that I matched it with my little sisters . Sonation also realized the truth that if you are a blooming butterfly .
Just because we ca n't be together does n't mean I 'm going to stop loving you . Justbecausewecan'tbetogether , doesn'tmeaniwon'tloveyou .
I really do n't want to sleep , when I wake up I 'm another day old
The vegetables are all cut , ready to fry without electricity ! ! ! ! charter lady , come out
Inexplicably uncomfortable , especially want to cry , life is boring , even hypocritical feels boring , down to the extreme
I 'm thinking about what to buy every day , superficial material worships money , I ca n't look at myself
The real shot of the terrible Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy netizens exclaimed : Scared the baby to death . More exciting , all in Youku video . Real shooting terrible Chinese medicine bloodletting therapy ...
Nima ! What used to be a good two-day trade union tour suddenly turned into overtime , damn it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Ice and fire are two layers of heaven , the region and the human world .
In the past few years , I have been on the hot water bar and burned my feet and burned my hands . Now my hands are red and painful .
Come to give feedback , thank you very much , you think it 's good , it 's really good that you are carrying it in the picture .
The fun class will increase intimacy ! The fire class meeting of the group day activity is here , and our PPT presentation ; here , we play relay ; here , we answer knowledge ; here , I feel everyone 's enthusiasm and unity & laughter integration . Warm and caring , the fifth class of civil engineering has a lot of fun !
Recently , I talked a little about my big brother to others , and N people immediately fell in love with him and couldn ’ t extricate themselves . My big brother has stars in his eyes and sunshine in his heart .
Laugh at all kinds of powder washing . Hahahaha , so if you live in Foshan , you can also say that you live in Guangzhou .
Today , someone told me that the moment I came back from the EMS , my whole person was in a bad mood . Did you care about the cost ? ~~~
I have n't touched a computer for ten days . This inefficiency wants to kill people !
Good morning , you slept well~💪💪💪💪 I will definitely succeed ... waiting for you to come back~
Cough cough cough ~ endless drip cough ! Coughing dizzy ! Cough is exhausting ! Injured to the gun and heartbroken ! I hope that Fatty Lan will give me a time machine and send me back to that carefree childhood ! Go to sleep , only wish all the sadness will disappear in this boundless night ! Good night , I love you
After using the facial cleanser , my face is also allergic and I have a cold . Nima , if there is any misfortune , come on
Warm-up on the eve of xmas , it 's good to see you happy~
I feel so disappointed after reading the strong push of the public scan document account .
On the subway into town , a woman just sat across from me and pulled out her Samsung phone . Oops , Mom [ Khan ] [ Khan ] I was frightened along the way .... Mannheim , Germany
After watching the trailer for episode 22 , poor me Zhu ! Why do all the people I love get abused and abused
Ah ah ah , Wuli 's handsome brother , Jing Rui and Qing Yao , do n't feel like they have any roles anymore . I 'm so sad
# JuniorPark Jinyoung # strive to be a powerful pig blowing🙆
The bus driver of No . 15 is really interesting . Two elderly people with preferential treatment cards took the order and returned the tickets .
Horrible nightmare ... do n't know what I 'm describing ... I was dreaming in my dream ... and I was still dreaming in my dream ... the first time I woke up thinking I was awake but it was in another dream So I started to get scared and I struggled with all my might to wake myself up from one nightmare after another and there was no end to it because they all had one thing in common and that was the night and I knew it was the day when I really woke up ...
Rather than being afraid of marriage , it is better to be afraid of disappointing expectations , just like grapefruits are delicious and hard to peel .
I thought about going to Changzhou for a business trip and going out to play for a few days , but it was cancelled ! cancelled ! ! cancelled ! ! !
S : Actually , I started listening to PizzicatoFive after they disbanded ... After writing Pink Ash , I wanted to write a story about Shibuya and the entertainment industry , and I started listening to PizzicatoFive after investigating a lot of Shibuya-related things . Not long ago , NHK had a 17-hour program introducing Shibuya , and I also recorded it and listened to it ( ← Majika yo ) The guest met Shige for the first time and said that he was not only handsome but also very knowledgeable about Shibuya music .
Damn , simple junior high school math can only be done with this point ...
I woke up early today , but I am in a good mood . The handsome man has already woken up .
Beware of such calls , call me and call out my surname , ask me to go to his office , reply him with a haha , and hang up immediately
I think I must have been some kind of plant in my previous life , and you must be a sun , giving me a lot of sunshine . This life is a mud tire , and I can no longer repay with the bright sunshine , so I have to cast all your bright eyes .
I just want to say about Karma Sunflower ... Are you insulting my IQ ?
After receiving the reply from baby line , I feel at ease . Good night
Seeing it early in the morning is a Surprise . pretty good .
Everything is developing in a good direction . Now I do n't need others to disturb , and I will not disturb others . Do my own thing , everything is still good
Today , the color Doppler ultrasound at my house passed smoothly , and I feel so happy to see you rumbling in your mother 's belly . Dad loves you , I wish you a healthy birth and a happy growth .
Please allow me to complain : the days of practicing TMD cars are really stressful . Serious lack of confidence ! Ca n't stand the birds ! NND !
The less I want something to appear in front of me , the more this thing appears in front of me. . This baby 's heart hurts , really hurts . .
[ Sweet Thoughts ] Today is our baby 's birthday , and I wish you a happy birthday after waking up .
It was the first time I took a train alone , and I felt no fear . I wonder if it was because of growing up that I lost that fear . Now waiting for the bus in Guangzhou and turning back to him , I just feel a little lost
I do n't know what day I started the morning run again💪Morning run and music🎵 are more compatible
God is annoying ! ! The oranges that stole from my Mr. Mao 's house are not sweet enough !
I ca n't sleep , I 'm bored . Annoying . Annoying .
Say goodbye to the Korean movie Smecta , and recently fell in love with Japanese anime movies . Especially good-looking , the Forest of Fireflies , Spirited Away , the letter to Taozi , the unexpected lucky lottery , , , , many , many , I think it is very good-looking ! Keep trying to watch good movies !
It will rain at noon the next day , and the sound of the rain hitting the outdoor unit of the air conditioner can drive me to hell ! 🌻
Get out of here immediately . Annoying to death ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Do n't let the dust frustrate , he will start with fame and fame , and he will live up to Chunting .
Do we dare not to rain tomorrow ? What about you ... dare you ! ! !
I do n't want to have you in my dreams because that 's the biggest trauma to me
Recently , my emotions have always been ups and downs . I finally adjusted it and lost my temper because of some things .
The performance of the two singers is full of passion , not only achieving the resonance and integrity of the chorus , but also highlighting the vocal conditions of the two people to the greatest extent .
Why do I hate women who squeak in public so much , they 're still chouhuo , but they 're loud
I want to be rude ! ! ! A lot of shitty work
goodbye ! ! ! Last long hair ! From now on , my hair will not be dyed , it will not be curled , and maybe it will not grow so long ! ! do n't worry
Xiao Xianrou is the strongest cover singer , mixing Justin Bieber 's `` Aslongasyouloveme '' and `` Beautyandabeat '' ~~ The voice is so handsome , it 's super nice~
After printing hundreds of pages of waste paper , I was so angry that I could n't eat .
French coach Perrin is a piece of garbage . The national football team did not enter the door so many times in the two games against Hong Kong , which can not be attributed to luck . It seems that Chinese football still depends on Evergrande . How long will it take for the national football team to enter the World Cup ?
Talking to some people , I really have the urge to hack him to death every minute . Brain cells die
When I was a child in the countryside , many children loved to participate in swimming ( without the company of adults ) , and now I am afraid when I think about it . Parents must educate their children , just in case ! ( repost with love )
@ Construction Bank Electronic Bank tell me what 's going on , give me an explanation ! !
Thank you old classmate for inviting me to dinner , long time no see , very happy chat , haha .
Paralyzed and pissed off , I do n't know what to do to force the wool ..
It 's been a month , and time has passed . But no matter what , I ca n't stop thinking about you . Dudu , mom misses you so much
`` Old things are always like this , and they are caught off guard . I used to regard you as the love of this life , but now I compare you to a karma . Going around , you have changed from a clean and innocent passerby to an old person carrying history . How do you think about letting go and the past in your heart ? In this life , I will lose in the end . If this life is paid off , I will never meet again in the next life . Either way , someone will always teach me to grow up with betrayal. ” — - `` A Farewell ''
I 'm so happy today , I made it to the quarter-finals in a tug-of-war . When I met a fellow who said that we had abused our third team of Huanke , I was so happy .
Today is no longer the era when big fish eat small fish , but the era when groups of fish eat big fish . One person can not handle a team , a team can not handle a system , and a system can not handle a trend . Team + System + Trend = Success . One person can go fast , a group of people can go further !
I heard that coffee can treat depression and relieve irritability . I 'm in such a good mood every day , thanks for my beautiful cup of coffee , does the occasional impatience mean that I 'm not drinking enough ?
A bad mood is always a momentary thing , just like a good mood . . . Hungry always wants to get angry
Terrible people , I must play , but they are so afraid that the world is not safe and there is no one to rely on
The little bitch keeps flipping through my phone , should I beat him up ?
Super heart-warming because I took a lot of things for winter at home and carried a large suitcase . It was really inconvenient to move . When I took the bus , the bus braked suddenly and two old people supported it . I felt super-warm .
It 's a really sad feeling to ride a tram in this day .
Just take it for a woman who loves cleanliness , it 's too complete . Friends , collect it for a rainy day .
I was going crazy and went out to get the courier and was caught by the boss and he informed me that my aunt will come to cook tomorrow . 500 is gone , I do n't want to eat tomorrow ! ! ! ! Even if the boss said to buy fruit for me to eat , I would not eat ! ! ! ! It 's annoying to think about cleaning the kitchen after get off work
I 'll go ... cramp ... la la la ... it hurts to death
I 'm just happy to play in the snow . Ha ha ha ha ha ha . Ha ha .
Those who can eat longevity noodles at 12 o'clock are very happy !
The red leaves that I picked up from outside are still so prosperous after they are naturally dried , and they add a little color to the winter when they are inserted in the flower basket . I don ’ t have to do class today , I feel refreshed , and the day of cross five starts like this , a good start
Going out at night , it seems that the blurred photos are more realistic for me with ADHD ...
Suddenly , I miss Wuqie so much , and I realize that I used to live with Wuqi to my mother , and I feel so guilty about Nennen !
At a high speed , the car in front suddenly braked and stopped . With the last meter left , I could n't stop the car and screamed , `` Broken '' , and made an emergency left turn and went back to the direction , avoiding the danger . Fortunately , there was no car in the left lane , and the car behind was far away . Fortunately , the response was timely and correct to avoid a major accident ! I really felt the feeling of turning my calf muscles , my hands trembling with fright and my stomach hurts . I have lingering fears , until I get home , I am still a little trance !
I have been busy for three nights in a row and fell asleep at 1 am , and I actually lost sleep on the fourth night .
This is my paradise ... so many like-minded people ...
I 'm a thief of your mother , I am your ancestor for eight hundred generations , I tell you , you stole Lao Tzu 's mobile phone , if you are caught by Lao Tzu , how much is Lao Tzu 's mobile phone , how many mouths I will delete , you wait .
I watched my circle of friends from beginning to end , and I remembered a lot of happy things . It 's beautiful
You succeed when your desire to succeed rivals your desire to breathe
As soon as Zhang Shaohan came out , I could hear it . It 's really good . It 's one of my favorite singers in my school days . The hidden singer is really suitable for nostalgia .
The rhythm of gaining five pounds every month ... a historic moment , breaking through triple digits
Respect the past with a glass of wine , no matter how much I love you , I will never look back . In fact , even if I am drunk until dusk and worry alone , if that person stretches out his hand , I will still go with him .
It 's supper , eat and go back to sleep ! good night !
People get stuck in their teeth when they drink cold water , get scolded by their mother in the morning , and then unknowingly rub off a large piece of skin on their fingers
Brother Hao , look at it , give me some , I 'm really going to be poor and crazy
How the hell are you going to get rid of this guy ?
As a volunteer of the special activity for college students , Song Organ Club participated in the whole activity .
Obviously I sell dogs , but in the end I fell into the hands of the cute master . Starting from this month , I will refuse all consumption and save money to buy Pomeranian .
Another beautiful day . Happy birthday to me~\ ( ≧▽≦ ) /~
Every time I buy grapefruit , it is a test of life . I failed this test . I ca n't eat a whole grapefruit .
Dry mouth and craving for watermelon ! But the child 's father wo n't let me eat it , saying that out-of-season fruits ca n't be eaten ! ——What season is the 30 degree high temperature in TMD Fuzhou ! ! !
Is it enough to eat five earthen eggs ? , the doctor was too ruthless , he drew so much blood , and asked me if I had iron supplements , there is something for this supplement ? ?
On your birthday , I was so excited that I did n't sleep much all night , but woke up early . Happy Birthday . Important things said three times , happy birthday , happy birthday , happy birthday !
Shengjing Bank simply closed down ! ! ! There is only one cash machine no matter how big ! ! ! Then the machine must be broken ! ! ! Almost every point is like this ! ! ! I 'm furious
It 's over , it 's over , it 's over~ I look at people who are very familiar in high school , but I do n't know what they 're called~ Am I getting old ?
I was unhappy today , but I was happy at night . He chatted with me on the one hand , a teacher said that I was like a child , and I liked it best when others said I was cute
In the morning , the nitpicking bitch
It was so annoying that I just fell asleep , and was woken up by the smell of someone in the bedroom eating instant noodles and smoking .
Good morning , beautiful day , I had a very special birthday yesterday , I made a lot of wishes ❤️❤️ Thank you my lovely roommates will be grateful and cherish ❤️
What the hell ! Seriously ca n't buy this stuff ! ! ! Ordered on the 7th , received on the 12th ! After receiving it , they sent me two less items ! When I found a seller , the seller actually fooled me and did n't take the initiative to admit my mistake ! If you want a tracking number , you actually gave me a fake tracking number ! The customer service did not reply for a long time !
Communication is really important . I hope everyone is a little more generous . It 's fate to play a piece . cherish each other
My parents started urging the child again , I 'm so sick of me
After all , you are n't really interested in my story , and I ca n't tell so many people the whole story without reservation That 's probably enough
When I work hard our hearts are together
This j8 law teacher made the microphone so loud that my ears were deafened
The scumbag retreats . I do n't want to be involved any more and I will scold you if you dare to contact me . Get out of my life .
Zhang Na , who felt that Jiang Xiongfei was unusual , followed Jiang Xiongfei that day . When she saw that he was looking for his ex-wife , Zhang Na felt unhappy .
A person who does n't understand romance went downstairs in the early morning and said that he wanted to buy delicious food. . 277 Ai Qiqi heard that there are not enough candles in the store or will I go downstairs from the door. . I heard that the boss and the proprietress were made flowers by force. . The happiest time to receive a month of happiness yjf
Why ca n't you think about it first and then ask if you have a problem ? The scp error is not reported by me. . How do I know why your ie and ff are not working. . How to turn off the firewall have to ask. . Do n't ask me how I got on goole , if I do n't have goole , take me as Baidu !
This world is really a relationship , a relationship . pissed off labor
My little heart is about to explode [ tears ] // @ FTIsland official Weibo : So nervous !
This is Chi Guoguo 's fraud ! Write 300 sell 600 !
Xiaoxin , why are you so screwed ! I 'm going to explode after watching episode 33 !
After checking , your health , my happiness , come to a bowl of Locomotive Beef Noodles first . I really never get tired of going to a Vietnamese restaurant . Today 's pho seems to be too much . support
Unintentionally , I flipped through Sister Feng 's Weibo . I did n't comment , so I was lazy and did n't want to type . She is still a very cute and good girl . I hope you can be happy . Miss Wu should be fine too , hee
Consequences of Objection to Military Service The lad went to the ball ! ! !
The result of psychological counseling is that I have anti-social personality and suicidal tendencies , and the baby expresses that he is very hurt
Every time I look at the more than 200 photos of me and you in the album , I can think of everything we have experienced . Although there are quarrels and even fights , they are the most beautiful stories in my heart .
At the bus stop without an umbrella , a kind and warm man helped me with the umbrella for a few minutes . His car came and then he got in the car like this When I met a kind grandma who helped me to hold an umbrella , I immediately felt that this was the luckiest thing I encountered today . However , after waiting for a long time , I did n't wait for the 11th road . Damn , my temper is about to come up again .
Tired of being a messenger between two people who need to communicate
You can bomb me at any time from this point every day , I hope to make time for family or friends at dinner time every day☺️
Who can tell me what the hell is this [ horrified ] [ horrified ] can I refuse not to ? [ scared ]
I 'm neither ugly nor pretty ; I walk without confidence ; I quarrel with my parents and friends ; some nights I 'd rather stay by myself than go out to parties ; I cry over little things ; I pretend to be happy . I 'm not good enough . I 'm not good enough . I 'm not good enough . I 'm not good enough . I am not perfect , but I am whole .
I really . . . . . I. . I can hit the same rock twice in the same place ! ! !
Watching the battle of love and seeing this time , I 'm also drunk ... Tomorrow morning , I have to wake up early to go to work ... I feel so heartbroken when I think about it ... I promised to go to bed early and get up early ... I do n't know , are you busy tomorrow ?
After reading novels , I didn ’ t want to work at all , I wish I had to go to work and read books all day long ! What about life ! Fighting will !
Just this red car lost all the garbage and kept spitting out the window @ Qingdao Traffic Broadcasting FM897 was exposed and exposed
This kind of scum was not sentenced to death . I really do n't know what the law is used for . It 's really only for ordinary people .
The most beautiful thing is that the best friend accompany you to get married
Recently , my body is not good , and I ca n't study and study . I 'm so annoying that I want to cry and reflect on myself ! ! ! !
It 's really just starting the wave , I 'm already very tired physically and mentally and I want to buy something .
After watching 007 , life is like riding a Ferris wheel once , it is difficult to calm down the mood at the moment , some things are not the best arrangement
Happy birthday . The giant baby is busy . The longer the better . .
The horrific incident at the Kunming Southern Passenger Station , where the gatekeepers paired up , unscrupulously beat the oncoming vehicles with sticks , how terrifying it was , it was truly frightening . Kunming·Kunming South Automobile ...
Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me , I 'm finally 18 years old ! ! I hope that all those who love me can be healthy , safe and happy , and I hope that in the new year , I can keep my heart in good faith and stick to the things I like , thank you all
I want Zhuo Yao again hahahaha wait to see the effect
I had a tangled dream of becoming a criminal . To tell the truth , the fear of legal sanctions makes Ben Baobao still have lingering fears . Fortunately , I am a good boy , a good boy for the party and the people .
Worked hard all these years . I am very proud to see a few little girls grow up day by day
The shot is so Hua Chenyu , so beautiful ! Handsome Handsome !
It 's so annoying , I 'm preparing for the shift , and I 'll stay to work overtime . It 's not that I prepare the shift or I stay to work overtime ! Why , why , is it because I am a few years late ?
Very upset ! Very hot ! I want to ask how to quit card addiction ! Chop your fingers ?
This escape room is really scary . . . A ghost suddenly appeared in the mirror . . . Crawling through the tunnel to find a dead head . . . The toilet door is full of horror murals . . . I had to lie on the toilet door and read the blood on the inside. . .
Poisonous grass blooms charming flowers . Those who hurt you say love you .
Life is already so difficult , I have to borrow someone else 's mobile phone to post a Weibo
Live together for half a year , laughing and making trouble , everyone in the family has their own personality and temperament , and they get along very happily .
